i am just going to be blunt here: The main characters suck. The main protagonists, a brother and a sister, are depthless and one dimensional. The sister literally spends 90% of her lines crying or shouting for someone to save her. The brother is arrogant and apparently a "genius", yet seems to have no redeeming qualities. Overall, the story and CGI are decent, but the characters leave much to be desired.

Having raked in over $600m at the box office, The Wandering Earth is yet another massive blockbuster from China. However, like so many enormous Chinese blockbusters in recent years, it is all style and no substance, with excessive emphasis on special effects and incoherent fantasy that really impedes any attempts to craft a more elegant or majestic space opera. And that is where I want to start, because from the beginning of this movie, you will likely be reminded of a number of other films that go about telling sci-fi stories in a rather different way. The Wandering Earth is based on a novel of its own, so it is not in any way a Chinese remake, but the premise and key ideas explored in the film, particularly in the opening act, are hugely reminiscent of both Christopher Nolan is Interstellar and Stanley Kubrick is 2001: A Space Odyssey. Now, both Interstellar and 2001 are absolute masterpieces of modern sci-fi, because they tell a fantasy story with a stunning sense of grandeur and majesty that cannot be achieved in any other genre. In that, while both movies have a plot and characters of their own, it is almost as if space itself is their main component, with astonishing visual effects playing into an eye-opening and almost spiritual depiction of the final frontier. The Wandering Earth, on the other hand, takes a far more simplistic and unfortunately dull approach to telling a sci-fi story. It does have the special effects to dazzle (although I talk more about that in a moment), but it feels so much more like a formulaic space adventure movie, rather than the majestic space opera that it is so desperately trying to be. Its opening sequence depicts the ever-intensifying threat of celestial destruction, and throughout, the film relates personal difficulties and tragedies in tandem with the danger of space travel and colonisation. And yet, while all of those ingredients make the film ripe for the sort of emotionally hard-hitting and elegant watch that is a great space opera, it is all overwhelmed by its more basic blockbuster tendencies. In that, the film is quartet of young leads takes a little of the grandeur out of the story, bringing it closer to something reminiscent of the YA genre, while the special effects are often totally over the top, with an excessively brash and chaotic depiction of the dangers and threats present in space, something that really is not necessary, as proved by better films such as Interstellar and Gravity. On top of that, its near future setting, although only in the late 2050s, feels light years away from the present we know today. Unlike Interstellar, whose near future is almost identical to the present day, The Wandering Earth is full of fantasy and sci-fi gibberish about the Earth of the future that is both fairly incomprehensible and difficult to relate to, further taking away from your ability to emotionally engross yourself in the story and feel the real power of what this story has to offer. And I say that because, despite not thinking much of the movie, there are moments where the film really tries hard to be something more majestic and elegant than just another space adventure. Its fantasy and excessive special effects often make it feel more like Jupiter Ascending than Interstellar, but there are a few moments of emotional intrigue and pathos that do indicate its intentions, and briefly provide an engrossing and impressive respite from an otherwise both chaotic and formulaic movie. Overall, then, I was not particularly taken by The Wandering Earth. Its ambition is clear from the start, and with a premise that is reminiscent of real greats of modern sci-fi, it should have been an elegant, moving and majestic watch. However, with a generic plot that is far heavier on brash special effects, fantasy mumbo jumbo and chaotic action, it really misses the mark when delivering a sci-fi that is a little more special to the normal fare.

Just watched the IMAX 3D movie. Trust me, do not do it any other way. Imagine ten of thousands of fusion thrusters are pushing our planet away from a dying sun on a IMAX screen. The visual effect is impressive and goes well with the story. The story is not everyday Hollywood style: Superhero saves the day; everyone else is there to give a round of applause. This movie brings a serious question to the audience: What are you gonna do facing an unavoidable, irresistible disaster to our civilization? All characters in the movie are ordinary people and everyone gives their answer with shining humanity. Against all the odds no one gives in without a good fight. The chance of success is close to zero but they choose hope. All the efforts add up and make impossible nothing. It is a Sci-Fi fan is feast you dont want to miss.

Went in with big expectations as a fan of Liu Cixin is Three Body Problem. Have not read Wandering Earth, so cannot compare, but perhaps reading it would have made the movie easier to follow. Outside of Wu Jing, the main characters in general were hard to like, especially his son Liu Qi and adopted daughter, Duoduo, both acting like petulant children. Expected high levels of cheesiness, but the jokes fell flat and the emotional tear jerking scenes were milked dry. While you should go into a sci-fi with an open-mind, temporarily suspending reality, this had hole after hole and jumped all over the place. At one point, one of the special force team members suddenly fell on his face - he froze to death for no apparent reason. Kind of summed up the movie. While I am sure the novel is as unique as anything Liu Cixin has written, the movie is a lesser version of Armegeddon, lacking the fun, character building (I know, I am talking about a Michael Bay movie) and star power. Did enjoy seeing a Chinese perspective and was not overly nationalistic like Wu Jing is former Wolf Warrior. Living in Shanghai, was also fun seeing the city and the rest of the country highlighted as it fell beneath natural disasters, joining NYC, Paris, London and the rest of the major cities that regularly are destroyed for popcorn munching sake. China continues to head in the right direction when it comes to great movie making and hope it continues. If anything, this has me heading out tomorrow to buy Wandering Earth, the novel.

Moving earth like a space ship is so dumb! 1) An asteroid that hits the earth and kills all the dinosaurs, did not budge the earth from it is orbit. 2) The moon creation even that suggests that 4.5b years ago an object the size of Mars collided with the earth to create the moon. Yet it did not budge the earth from it is orbit around the Sun. 3) The Mass of the earth is 6,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 kg. the force required to move that object 1meter per second is Force = Mass * Acceleration. or 6 * 10^24 newtons. So to change the speed of the earth by a nearly useless 1m/s or 2.25 MPH, would require the energy of 142 million megatons of TNT. Over 10,000 times the total amount of all the worlds nuclear weapons. Or in other words if we detonated every single nuke in the world in the same place at the time that would be enough to budge the earth .000225 MPH or 14 inches per hour. 4) Even if there was an energy source that abundant to move the earth to Jupiter much less another star light years away, we would simply not need a star at all. We could just set the earth to a further orbit from the sun, and use all that propulsion energy to substitute for the sun. 5) Lets be ridiculously generous and say the earth could reach Jupiter in 1 year 365,000,000 miles away, that would very roughly equate to a speed of 41,000 mph (which is way faster than the 14" per hour all the nukes in the world could move the earth). To travel to our next nearest star (alpha centauri) is 25 trillion miles away, that would take 70,000 years, or if we used the 14" per hour speed it would take 17,580 billion earth years. 6) The Hiroshima nuclear blast was 20ktons of TNT. So imagine what 700,000 of those would do to the surface and atmosphere of the Earth. And that is to move 14" an hour.

i am baffled by this film and the positive reviews. Despite the fact that it is packed with big set-piece moments, it is dull and hollow. The characters are cardboard cutouts and virtually every element is derivative of American blockbusters. It is Armageddon, Interstellar, Gravity, 2001, and 2012 all mashed up into a barely coherent pastiche. There is only the thinnest veneer of characterization and it is incredibly cliche. There is a rebellious kid who misses his father, a wacky weird side-character with funny hair, a father who had to leave his son, an army guy bound to duty, a comedic genius computer guy. Except none of these characters have chemistry. The premise is so absurd there is little point in explaining it. i am confused how something like this got green-lit because it is not even good as propaganda. It is surprisingly devoid of culture. Sure, there are Chinese flags, and Chinese people everywhere, and they celebrate Chinese New Year, but it hardly 'sells' Chinese culture (fashion, music, art). In fact, it just waters down Chinese culture to make it internationally palatable. Everything feels like it is from a checklist, as if they know they have to hit certain notes to imitate a masterpiece, but do not know how to string it together. The CGI effects are not even good. It is just an assault on the eyes of how much stuff they can cram on the screen. The sound design and sound mixing is also terrible. There is a lack of sound effects and music needed to add depth to the world. It sounds empty and cheap. The music itself is terribly derivative of an American blockbuster. The high user review scores are disappointing because it sets the bar very low for Chinese blockbusters.

The Wandering Earth is an overly ambitious, laughably implausible, thoroughly confusing, clumsily edited mess. The plot runs amok with too many hollow characters making stupid decisions without reason. Action sequences were so badly shot and edited it was hard to figure out what was going on. The CGI varied from passable to worse than a 90 is video game. Acting was stilted and expressionless. Dialog was rambling and inefficient with an overuse of weird computer voices to explain what was going on. By the end I could not care less about the characters and fell sleep. The filmmaker is intention to build a sci-fi epic were noble but lacked the budget, talent and experience to pull it off. 3/10.

So it was scientifically bent- 10,000 engines to propel a planet through space? But it was watchable and enjoyable. You can read more by surfing the reviews by all the Chinese bots giving it 9s & 10s.

1. Background settings have great imagination. Very romantic in some way. (⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐) 2. Visual effects is wonderful (and made by Chinese, not easy) (⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐) 3. Plot not good. The director did not handle to tell the story well. Rhythm is weird. Plot is not mind-catching. (⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐) 4. Ideas are too narrow. The main roles take family relation more seriously than human survival. And they did not respect rules. (⭐⭐⭐) 5. Emotional expressions not natural. Lines are awkward. Too much 'tear points' but got little touching. (⭐⭐⭐⭐)

This is so far the best scifi Chinese movie i have ever seen. Honestly speaking, this movie is far more better than similar hollywood movies. if you are not sinophobia and can accept mostly chinese (with subtitle), it will not not let you regret.

After producing a string of sloppy, cringe-worthy sci-fi films, Chinese cinema has finally delivered one with awe-inspiring visual, and more surprisingly, a humanizing story. For fans of hard sci-fi, this film is premise is indeed a bit absurd and scientifically inaccurate; building ten thousand massive engines on the surface of earth to move the entire planet away from a dying sun. Still, the focus is not technology but people. The main plot focuses on grandfather, father and son (plus an adopted daughter) try to survive and preserve whatever dignity and humanity still remains on a chaotic frozen planet. The film hammers in the notion that anyone is somebody is child, parent or best friend, yet a single human life is merely an incredibly expendable resource in the bigger picture. The visual effects are total eye-candy, but a generous amount of practical effects and realistic props are constant reminders of the setting is 'earthiness'. The Wandering Earth is biggest surprise for me is political. Usually, Chinese nationalism means that foreigners in sci-fi films are portrayed as either villainous or incompetent. Yet in this film, the Chinese characters struggles to save the day, and eagerly cooperate with an international force of largely nameless heroes. It is another reminder that in this depressing future, even the Chinese strength cannot succeed alone. This movie has a lot of dialogues, more than that is necessary in most scenes. Unless its dubbed, I do not think an English-speaking audience could fully enjoy it. Another issue is the cast, almost entirely comprised of rookies. Though the acting is not bad, it is certainly not consistent either. People who had read The Wandering Earth held high expectations for the film adaptation, those expectations have certainly been met.

I am a fan of Cixin Liu is novels.And I love his "Three body problem"best. This movie is adapted from his novel of the same name.To be honest,it did not disappoint me.i am sure you have never seen a science fiction movie like this!The idea of running away with the planet is so crazy,but so beautiful!The film shows the Chinese people is unique feelings towards their home,family and land.And it does not display individualism like the Hollywood superhero movies, nor does it publicize any political idea, but only the courage and unwilling to be destroyed when facing a desperate situation.Although I do not like Jing Wu is "Wolf warrior", as far as his performance in "Wandering earth" is concerned, well done! I recommend you to watch it.You will never forget it.

Throw in all the cliches you can possibly find, a badly written apocalyptic screenplay, no physical sense of how the universe works and.... you get this movie. I watched it, or at least I tried to watch it but I was a really difficult experience. Really difficult.

I wanted to like it, I really did. The cinematography was fantastic and the sci-fi element was fantastic to say the least. However, the emotions and character development were non existent. The characters were shallow and did not lend any type of connection to their plight. As always with Chinese movies, many scenes were so cliche and cringe worthy. I walked out of the cinema 3/4 of the way through. That is how horrible this movie was...

The movie is groundbreaking for China in that the special effects are impressive and that it shows they can do sci-fi in design. Sadly, aside from that, there is not much to like about the movie. To put into context first, Wandering Earth cannot be compared to a Marvel or DC Comics movie nor to most sci-fi movies: they are completely different genres and are much less likely to involve human cooperation. At it is core Wandering Earth is a 'doomsday' or 'disaster' movie. It should be compared to movies like: The Day After Tomorrow; Armageddon; Deep Impact; Outbreak; Contagion; etc. In that context, Wandering Earth has a very basic, standard plot. The characters are similar, except exaggerated and over the top. Together, aside from the usual interdepartment and/or international disagreements and eventual cooperation that can be found in such disaster movies, the plot and characters sum up to: "Young, handsome rebel who hates his dad (unreasonably) and acts selfishly in all but the final moments ends up a hero". The acting is weak. Character motivations are vague and often elaborated on only at the moment of death or near death (eg. through flashbacks), so there is no bonding with the characters on the way there. The main character swings back and forth between wanting to sacrifice all humanity to selfishly save his own friends and family (which would be very temporary) and wanting to sacrifice other people is lives to save all humanity. There is zero chance of ever feeling any connection or sympathy with that character. Potentially moving/touching moments are ruined by the way-too-obvious comedic relief characters (eg. watch someone important die, then laugh because the guy with white hair did something silly). The 'action' arc is "intro - climax - climax - climax - climax - climax - climax - conclusion" to the point that the climax just feels like it is dragging on and on. Worst of all: There is an amazing sci-fi premise that is pulled off spectactularly with the special effects, but it amounts to nothing. It is the backdrop for just another disaster movie.

Being a fan of Liu Cixin (three body trilogy) I wanted to like this movie but I found it impossible to do so. Bad acting, bad script, bad jokes, confusing plot, people who make stupid decisions because they love their family more than humanity, incorrect science, annoying characters, trying to make you cry about ten times at the end when I do not care about anyone in their stupid family. i am still going to read the book though because I do not think it can be this bad. It is encouraging to see China try big movies like this but still a long way to go.



Save your valuable time and avoid this. The acting is bad, the script is bad, there is no logic in anything, the effects are almost like a pc game from 90s.

Reviews of this film are pointless since they are derived from bots.

Why? Because they stretched it too much. The special effects are messy and they all sound cheap dialogues with high itched notes. If you want to take care if urs eyes do not watch

High concept from Chinese film makers. Good ambition however execution shows lack of experience. Characters are quite one dimensional and it is hard to follow who is who. The main issue for me was the film pacing..,. It seemed to rush from one place to the next with no concept of time and space. Also everyone seems to scream at each other all the time! If you have seen a few Hollywood sci-fi productions you will see how the writers for The Wandering Earth took liberties at taking concepts from 2001 Space Odyssey, Sunshine, Gravity etc Packing it all up in nationalistic expressions makes it very much a movie focused for a Chinese audience. Good effort. But it is a C- from me



I would not file this under the sci-fi genre. It is a fantasy movie. Outrageous concept - even for sci-fi, predictable and boring plot (trying to fit every possible scenario seen a thousand times in other similar movies, hence the long duration), unlikable characters, mediocre CGI, cheesy music, bad editing (many action scenes are incomprehensible). It is one of those (many) cases where Asian cinema tries Hollywood in a really bad way resulting in a product so ridiculous even for Hollywood standards.

2 stars is being generous.. Unlikable characters, horrible acting, and premise is insane, even for sci-fi.. Good visuals, but that is about it...

The visuals are nice but everything else just falls apart.

This pure Chinese production looked promising on paper, but alas, when watching the movie, left one totally disoriented and indifferent. This Netflix show was dubbed with an English soundtrack, which was preferable to having to read English sub titles, but the voices were disassociated from the spoken bodies and sounded more like people reading the script aloud, not that different from watching an animation movie.

They spend a lot of effort creating everything out of CGI they forgot everything else a movie is supposed to do. 3/10

I was really excited when I read about this movie and how well the review was... until I watched it on Netflix. The plot despite absurd was the highlight of the movie at best. The wooden actings and lack of character development were embarrassment to the modern cinema. Special effects were good only in some part, the other part resorted to cheap making. 2 hours in my life I would not get back.

Plot needs improving but overall considered to be a exciting and extremely motivating movie to go check out. Impressive CG effects and camera actions.

My Chinese friends got me into watching this and expected it to be some mindblowing piece. We both left the movie theater wishing we did not watch it. It was not all that bad, they have beautiful casts, great cinematography, but that was it. Their storyline was weak, does not make any sense at times. There was no character development, no climax moment, no big twist and turn. Often times it was predictable and the jokes werent that funny at all, maybe it was funny to other Chinese audience. Yeah ok great explosion, nice suit yadi yadi but i can barely finish the movie if it makes no sense at all. Do not waste your time, it was overhyped!

The movie was somewhat entertaining. The graphics were good the storyline fine, the acting not-so-great. It may be the best sci-fi Chinese movie I have seen, but other than the fact that it is Chinese-filmed with a Chinese cast, it is not better than the standard big-budget Hollywood disaster or sci-fi movies. Interestingly, it presented many of the same tropes as you see in western disaster movies like the Day After Tomorrow.

This has got to be the dumbest plan for saving the Earth I have ever seen in any movie. Let is attach giant engines to our home world and drive it away from the sun into a new solar system! Okay, but what about plate tectonics? What about the moon, and tides, and potentially slamming the Earth into another stellar body which would further disrupt plate tectonics? And what about the atmospheric disruptions? And what about... Okay, fine. It is a movie. They are not trying to be scientifically accurate, although they are trying to fake it much like one would fake acting like they know how to speak Chinese to impress their friends. I will attempt to ignore the fact that this plan is like a 6 year old drew a doodle on construction paper and the entire world sort of went with it without questioning the logic of it because it was adorable. But the movie had better draw me in with fantastic characters and... Oh no. Every character is bland and unlikable and their emotions are dialed up to 11. It seems no line of dialogue can be accomplished without shouting or crying. In fact the only character who thinks logically is the AI on the spaceship. Oh, wait, I think I get it! The AI is the protagonist and the characters are unlikable caricatures who engage in increasingly ridiculous plans and overly dramatic emotional outbursts! It is a satire! Oh... wait... no... the AI is an antagonist. I really am supposed to take the human drama seriously. The human drama of a man shooting a minigun at Jupiter in a rage because the incompetent fools in charge of Earth is destiny decided to steer the planet to close to another planet. Also i am pretty sure there is some dialogue in there that raises the question about whether or not the blonde dude is character is a rapist. This is played for laughs, and he does not have the charm or comedic timing of Steve Buscemi. Fantastic. Classy. Okay... so the characters suck, the plot sucks... what about the scenery? What about world building? Is the world at least interesting? Nope. It is a poorly explained inconsistent mess that does not make any sense or even follow its own in universe rules. Fantastic. But the visuals, oh my... the visuals are... just... fine. They range from really good to really obvious CGI. Yeah, they took a lot of artistry, but they cant rescue the film from all its other glaring and obvious problems. Unfortunately, these problems compounded and started to make me angry after a while. 1/10. Remember "The Core?" Yeah. This movie has all the problems of "The Core." Some neat visuals cannot rescue you from the stupid.

Not worth the hype at all. Really boring for the first 2 hours.

The story is GREAT, the effects are FANTASTIC. Several things that could be improved: each time someone died he or she has to say something, which could be improved by using motions, scenes and details of facial expression instead of just the scripts.

Well, this movie has a lot to improve for sure. But I still give it a 10/10. The movie actually shows lots of difference between American culture(Hollywood movie) and Chinese culture. For example, I will except shelters, spaceships in Hollywood movies when Earth is no longer good for human survival. But in Chinese culture, we will never leave our home back. We will try our best and bring everyone together. Then this what we saw in the movie, we put 10000 engines on Earth and run away together, lol. And there is no more about superheros and individualism to save the world. The movie is about how everyone works together to save the world. Yeah, not even a single rescue step in the movie was completed by protagonist is team only. Always multiple teams works in different places on same thing at the same time for the best result. This was mentioned in the movie, which was called Saturated rescue. No longer like winning multiple lottery in a row by one guy to save the world. This is all about everyone is trying their best. i am so satisfied by this movie. Especially tons of mega projects which i personally considered as Chinese specialty lol.

I am so disappointed in this film. If you take every clichéd overused scene from all of sci-fi history, string it together with a script written by an unimaginative teen on way too much caffeine, fund it with huge amounts of cash but spend it all on CGI to make it look like you are watching a computer game most of the time- this is what you end up with. I feel sorry for the actors, they had no chance. It is impossible to tell if any of them were any good. All emotions were constantly dialled up to eleven which got really tiresome after a short time. All the characters were thoroughly dislikeable, irrational, aggressive idiots. Made me think maybe the universe would be better of if the planet did not get saved. The central premise of the plot had some merit, but no scientific explanation of how it could work. The film makers seemed to work on the premise that nothing needs to have any kind of reasoning behind it because it is all about the drama and the visuals, so forget any attempt to make any sense just have the characters shout or cry all the time and make pretty pictures... At around what was supposed to be the high point of the melodrama I just could not stand to watch any further and so saved myself the last fifteen minutes or so. Just... no.



This film is a 4/10 just for the cgi, the cring acting, the story, the dialogs are so bad... However, I gave it 1/10 for the BOTs reviews.

"Liu lang di qiu", a.k.a. "The Wandering Earth", is a boring, melodramatic and overrated sci-fi mess without true emotions. The lead characters are poor performers and there are many ridiculous situations such as the woman soldier shooting and destroying the core after the sacrifice of her team to transport it. The melodramatic situations are manipulative and also annoying to the audience. The film is basically supported by visual effects and an original storyline, but the performances, characters and screenplay are not good. My vote is three. Title (Brazil): Not Available

If anything, it veers into the "so bad it is good" territory of cinema is terrain. It also offers also plenty of opportunities to examine Chinese projections of armageddon and bureaucracy... However, none of these elements make it a good film.

This is the best scifi movie which I have ever seen. it is amazing that it is the first sci-fi movie of China. This movie has some of the most amazing story you are ever likely to see and think, like the name 'The Wandering Earth'. As a big fan of CiXin Liu, to be honest,it did not disappoint me.i am sure you have never seen a science fiction movie like this!The idea of running away with the planet is so crazy,but so beautiful!The film shows the Chinese people is unique feelings towards their home,family and land.And it does not display individualism like the Hollywood superhero movies. Not to be missed.

The CG is really beyond expectation. However, a good movie is not just about CG, it is more about the story itself. This movie, failed to follow basic physic laws with mess timeline, can do much better. Also, there are many scenes that are 'copied' or 'borrowed' from movies such as '2012','Gravity','Armageddon' and 'Interstellar'... If they want to make something new, then make a NEW one... CG, the good side of this movie, is way better than other Chinese movie. That is for sure. The movie was based on works of Liu Cixing, one of the most influential Sci-Fi novelist in the world. However this only represent tiny fraction of his original story. It is not a Hollywood superhero movie, if you want to kill your time and spend some money, you can try it, but do not expect much.

The first doomsday movie tries to escape accompanied by our earth. Amazing idea!

Terrific Chinese science fiction movie.The CG effects and Camera works are no less than Hollywood movies. The fantastic story is even better. Could eastern solution sometimes even better for the fate of human beings? That is the question I should ask myself in a few years.

I mean, when is the last time you hear people clap in a cinema? And when is the last time you find 80% of them remained seated after the movie and waited until the lights up knowing there will not be any extra scene? I know there are some awkward lines and scenes but overall I can bear with it. And, besides the fantastic visual effects, it also surprised me with a couple Chinese(language) jokes - did not expect that coming. It could be better but it is definitely worth watching. Much much better than the other Chinese movies. I really enjoyed that 2 hours.



Nothing on this movie makes sense. The "sci" part of it is laughable and the "fi" is also awful. The acting is terrible, there are no dialogues, just people screaming at each other. The special effects look more like computer game cut scenes. It is embarrassing. Do not waste your time. This movie SUCKS!!

Although suspension of disbelief is a hallmark of science fiction, the ludicrous nature and absolute engineering impossibility of the key element of this film immediately establishes the immature nature of this film. Unlike its recent peers in film (Elysium, Interstellar, etc etc) that focus on possible futures and potentially believable technology to lend realism and credibility to their stories, this film relies on such a ludicrous key element and highschoolish story telling that prevents me from even considering it an intelligent attempt at absurdism.

This movie insults the viewer. Even basic understanding of physics is thrown completely out the window. Worse they do not even bother to comment on any if it. Gravity, sunlight, atmosphere none of it. Every 5 minutes youll be struck by the thought "Thats not how it works" and its sooooo irritating. This would all be forgivable were the film to be self aware sharknado nonsense. Its not, its a serious drama. To top this there isnt really a plot. Youre supposed to be following a cast of characters through the typical cataclysm journey but problematically within the hour before I got bored its never made clear where theyre going. In every other film in this journey the goal is to get to a safe place. The movie STARTS with them whimsically leaving the safe place for ..reasons? This movie is the lowest caliber of trite blockbuster garbage. avoid unless you just want to watch B+ level CGI weather. It doesnt even look that good.

Can you recall if any of the previous sifi movie ever thought about taking our Mother Earth to a road trip? This is an amazing idea. It shows how the author loves our earth and no matter what catastrophe, human will not give up the earth?

This is what happens when you try to make a sci-fi flick, and you fail. Jiberish, complicated, hard to keep up, scenes that cut into each other without compromise, do not waste your time.

I read this novel 20years ago, i am still young at that time, and i still remember the feelings after reading, it is imporsible at that time chinese moive maker film this kind of sence, but today, when i saw the pictures on the screen, which thousands times in my imagination, i really moved. it is quit enough for a almost old man. good luck chinese sifi, may wish no hat, no poor, no war in this world. we have time to make the world more better, maybe not too much time

Walked into the theater without knowing what to expect, and walked out so hyped up... Having been disappointed by many poorly made film adaptation of scifi novels, this one was such a pleasant surprise! The screenwriting fit right into the grand scheme of the original short by Cixin Liu. The story, the setting and the effects made his imagination come alive! To me, this is the one thing I am looking for in a film adaptation, to recreate what the author has done in the book. And I imagine most scifi fans would agree. Yes, you can still point out many problems. There are scenes that I wish that had been done better. But I am willing to overlook those as I was amazed and emotionally attached to the characters throughout the movie. I hope the film can get dubbed in English (and in good quality) at some point, it deserves a wider audience.

I got to see The Wandering Earth today in Chinese theater and I must say I am excited for watching this unique and different sci-fi film, which nearly is the first Sci-Fi film produced by China (if we do not count those disastrous films). Although I am not a fan of Wu Jing because the Wolf Warrior series show excessive patriotic feelings, which makes me awkward. However, this film is totally different. Not only Chinese but people all over the world participate in the final mission to save our planet. It is not about a one-man job but a job that everyone contributes to. "A community of shared future" saves our own planet and 3.5 billion people on the earth. So, please do not judge this film only by Mr. Wu or its Chinese background. Also, we should thank Mr. Wu because he actually does something for the Chinese movie industry. Visual Effect is beautiful. It seems that they invest a lot in order to attract more audiences. A long shot of earth engines and the scene of the Earth about to collide Jupiter perhaps have been first shown in film history. These scenes have a very epic feel to it. I would like to thank all those who contributed to the creation of this film. The main theme of this film is about hope and family. It is a typical Chinese story because, in the U.S. films, people constructed large spaceships instead of trying moving the earth. Besides, the relationship between Liu Peiqiang and Liu Qi moved me a lot. It makes me recall my father who always has businesses and seldom comes back home. "Daddy, are you going to turn into a star?" "Of course. You just have to count 3 2 1. Look up! You will see Daddy." Thanks to everyone who contributed to this film. You made history in Chinese film history.



It is a clean film with no curse words, violence, or nudity but it also extremely bring. I tried really hard to get into this movie because I like the premise but the execution of the film was incredibly bad. Also, Spoiler Alert: Even though the film is over two hours long, it still feels unfinished and incomplete. Do not waste your time with this unless you want to put yourself to sleep.

As a binge watcher of too many great 90 is sci-fi and disaster movies I dare say any of them is better than this one. Especially for the fact that I have heard so many eulogies, praises and recommendations. after spending 2 hours on this oh-so-familiar characters and good amout of confusement, I do not really want to give it a high rating.

Totally shocked by special effects showed in this movie.Although the story line could be better, it is the best chinese-produced movie I have ever seen. thumb up :-D !!

I will not target those who have bad reviews for reasonable reasons. I am jealous of those who are at the mercy of interests or who are extremely divided for various unreasonable reasons. As you see, most of these bad reviews from some mean chinese.

"As with so many other sci-fi films, we are left asking the question of whether a grand story and beautiful visual effects are sufficient to create a great movie. And as with too many, the answer is "not really"."

Unrealistic story and the lead actors are so bad..... After the first 15-20 minutes, started skipping every 10-15 minutes.



This is what bad script, dialogue, acting and direction - on a big budget - looks like.

Liu lang di qiu (international title: The Wandering Earth) is a Chinese science fiction movie about transporting planet Earth to another galaxy by attaching thousands of huge rockets to its surface. The premise is in a way ridiculous, but the movie does a competent job in focusing on the thrilling and action-packed moments. Therefore, the movie can be compared to other disaster movies, like 2012 (2009) or Armageddon (1998). And just like these examples, the movie is somewhat plagued by inconsistent writing and an unbalanced quality of the visual effects. However, the ending pulls together the narrative strings quite nicely and overall the movie is enjoyable for the time being. Full review on my blog movie-discourse.

If you imagine "Armageddon" without Bruce Willis, Ben Affleck, Liv Tyler, Steve Buscemi and Aersomith. Oh, and add an even more implausible plot. All that and then you would get close to what you get when you watch this movie. I enjoy Chinese cinema, but despite some valiant work by the actors and the SFX team, the movie jumps from cliche to cliche as if its a competition to see how many they can fit in every 5 minutes. And the bubble gum chewing girl is deeply annoying and whiny without having the saving grace of being 5 years old. It is only 2 hours long though, so it does have that saving grace. Disappointing.

Recently, I have seen many two hour films which could easily be condensed into ninety minutes. This is one of them. It is a weaker film because of the two hour running time. It just drags and that means it is boring in places. It is watchable but it is nothing special. You also need to disengage your brain from the 'science' and just go with it. The main character is also unlikable! It is not awful but it is not great either. 5/10 is about right.

It is a very impressive film, and the viewing experience is very satisfying. Compared with Hollywood films, it is also good. Considering that it is the first Chinese science fiction film in a real sense, I give it full marks to encourage Chinese directors to make more satisfying films.



The plot is obviously absurd, but the acting and characterisation is equally as one-dimensional. Awful pacing, overdramatic music and forced narrative. The graphic effects looked terrible. I had high hopes and was thoroughly let down. This is bad.

Though I am not that kind of fan of Cixin Liu, I am impressed to see the theme of this film. It does not particularly show somebody is ability to save our world but show all human beings are working together, sparing no effort to save this world. I am actually touched by this theme. Apparently, there are still some improvements to be done, but I do love it.

I just watched this Chinese sci-fi movie and I think a nine-star rating is proper for the movie. I give 10 because I really love it. Lets save the words of the scientific errors in the movie, because every sci-fi picture denies basic physics. This movie tells something that is deeply rooted in Chinese culture. There are no super heros. Superman wont save us, neither will Spiderman, Ironman, or rich man. The heros are a 76-year old truck driver, a student skipping lectures, a squad of soldiers shipping the lighter core, a comupter nerd, a astronaut, and tens of thousands of other people from all over the world, speaking various languages. They are all coommon people, the people with whom we live everyday, they are fathers and mothers, sons and daughters, neighbors and strangers. When a catastrophe is falling, they work together and strive for hope. They dont leave the Earth behind them. They are determined to take the Earth with them, because human civilization would be another one without the Earth.

No attempt made to base it on science at all and more like a kids animated show. Simplistic and pretty childish. Go watch an episode of Star Trek instead.

If I could rate 0 starts, I would. I will not waste any more time on this movie by actually reviewing how absurd it was. All I want to point out is that almost all the reviewers on this page who gave a 9+ stars to this movie, ONLY REVIEWED this movie. This is sufficient evidence for me that suggests these are not real human beings with some intellectual capacity.

I went to watch this movie without any expectations, mainly because I did not really knew this movie was playing the the cinemas. Throughout the movie I was suprised of the quality of the visual effects, but what distinguished great movies from bad movies is the quality of the storystelling and character development and not amazing visual effects. Wandering Earth is a good example of a movie that scores with the big audience with only it is visual effects and not with it is storytelling. I also have the feeling that this movie is so highly rated because it is the first Chinese made Si-Fi hitting the big screen, that why many native and overseas Chinese are giving it a high-max score (7.7 at the moment of writing). As a Chinese i am dissapointed that they take this horrible movie as a standard of a good Chinese movie, the standard should be way higher then just visuals.

Do not do it. Close the window, pick another movie. ANY other movie.





I am absolutely amazed by how well rated this movie is here. It is currently sitting at 8.1/10 after more than a thousand reviews, so it seems most everyone who saw the movie and made it to IMDB liked it a lot. Really? This? This movie looks great, it is obvious they spent a lot of time and money on cinematography and CGI. But the characters are not at all compelling and leave with you with no vested interest in what happens to them. I really did not even care what happened to the teenage girl, and kids are easy to get the audience invested in. And DEAR GOD the story is AWFUL. Let is completely leave alone how terrible the story is and just say if you are going to sell something that fantastical, either lean into it and make it a self aware b movie joke, or make sure there are no ridiculous, glaring plot holes. So yes, the movie looks great. Just do not expect anything more than that.

I really wanted to like it, but there are just too many things messed up elements. First things first, the story and context could have been made into a great movie. However, the characters are not relatable or likeable - they tend to overdramatise certain scenes trying to wow audience with overly impulsive actions, which I absolutely detest. There is a combination of great and horrible CGI. The planets are illustrated astonishingly great, but damn those truck scenes were cringey - as if it was a half assed project. Lastly everything just feels so damn rushed. They should have made arc is and taken their time. But this is just soup consisting of bad plot telling, flat characters, stupid truck scenes, but all covered up with eye candy like planet and space scenes and the sense of unity.

Fantastic! No worse than a typical Hollywood Sci-fi, definitely one of the best Made-in-China movies ever!

Best Scifi movie I have ever watched, great special effects, interesting story/plot, cool visuals and technology/space/physics explanations, drama, emotion, had moments of comedy. Great to see Asians in these roles and types of movies because US Hollywood will not give Asians those roles.

Earth must be moved away from the expanding sun, which threatens to engulf it. As it is propelled across the solar system by gargantuan thrusters it gets trapped in Jupiter is gravitational pull. The apocalypse looms. There is only one hope for the human race: China. "The Wandering Earth", China is first blockbusting sci-fi film, has achieved gravity-defying success with this absurd plot. In its first ten days in cinemas it earned an impressive 3bn yuan ($440m). The film is widely expected to become China is second highest-grossing, behind "Wolf Warrior 2", a jingoistic thriller whose lead actor, Wu Jing, also stars in the sci-fi pic. Many Chinese commentators attribute the film is stellar success to growing pride in the country is space programme. Last month China became the first country to land a spacecraft on the far side of the moon. Officials are clearly pleased by the film is popularity. Xinhua, a state-owned news agency, boasted that it will "impress a global audience" and "rival Hollywood". Western reviewers are less enthusiastic. So are some Chinese science-fiction fans, who have complained that the film does not do justice to the book on which it is based. The book, by Liu Cixin, an award-winning author, contains various episodes, such as an armed rebellion against authority, which were doubtless viewed by censors as subversive and hence excluded. In fact, the film is main producer, a subsidiary of a state-owned firm, appears to have injected a dose of President Xi Jinping is political theory into the plot. The idea that gets an intergalactic airing is some- thing Mr. Xi repeats ad nauseam as a goal of foreign policy: "a community with a shared future for mankind". Economic Daily, a party-owned newspaper, praised the film for portraying this concept so adroitly. In many ways, the film can be interpreted as a parable of the Chinese government is idea of multilateralism. The Chinese heroes trying to save the world are always seeking the partnership of foreigners in the film, just as Chinese officials always talk about joining hands with other countries to solve global problems and reach "win-win" outcomes. Yet there is a caveat: China must be the leader in any multilateral initiative. In the film, rescue teams from the likes of Britain and Japan dutifully answer the call of Chinese "team leaders". No Americans are featured at any point. Even in the ethereal world of sci-fi, the Chinese government remains firmly in control of things.

This movie would have been great if it was about kung fu or if it was a parody. But it is not. I wanted to leave the theater after 10 minutes since the epic began... And I should have. Save yourself.

I was hesitating whether to continue watching or not after the first ten minutes - I was almost driven away by its attempt to localize the story with popular expressions in China which is not fun at all. But after half an hour I was totally attracted. Its beginning, of course, reminds me of that of Interstellar - the conflict between human attachments and the exploration of universe. Just as the love between father and daughter finally brings hope for we mankind, in the Interstellar, throughout this movie there is a strong calling for family bond, for earthly love - but not to return or even save home, but to carry it with us in a 2500-year long wandering in the universe. It reminds of so many ancient legends and tales I read when I grow up - The Foolish Old Man Removes the Mountains, Kua Fu chases the sun and so on, which sound ridiculous but romantically point to two virtues praised in ancient Chinese culture: down-to-earth and earnest. Anyway, its script, especially the dialogue, is not satisfying for me. But its view of the universe and human deeds are compelling. It is partly because it is adapted from a novel of the greatest sci-fi Chinese writer, Liu Cixin. He gives the story an overwhelming philosophical spirit. I started reading his novel since 15. Now, after almost ten years, I finally see its visualization. What a waiting!

Looks good, sounds good, acting not over the top, no wierd propaganda, sometimes feels like the lines are a bit over-emotional but a solid movie that beats all the american patriotic screenjunk that pumps put every year!

To be honest, I was not expecting to watch a good si-fi movie, and now, I would say this one is a masterpiece. The script is based on Cixin LIU is book, he is also the writer of the three body. Just heard a story from the Chinese social web Weibo that the Wanda Picture withdrew their investment halfway through of the production and invested another movie, because they estimated this movie will not gain much profit. The main actor Jing WU turned up and invested 60 million himself. Anyway, if you want to have an great experience, and tired about Hollywood si-fi, try this one, you will not regret.

Watched it because all the hype. I have seen better acting in school plays. Characters boring and/ or annoying. Weak story. Is like they took parts from a dozen movies and patch the together. Waste of time.

No matter how good, bad or indifferent the acting is (mostly bad), the crappy science makes the film laughable. Why do studios treat the viewing public like morons and waste good money on guff like this? Do not encourage them... Also, seems to be a lot of dodgy reviews for this film.

I am big fan of Cixin Liu, read his famous Three Body Problem series and The Wandering Earth Short stories collection. The movie really proves China can now produce sci-fi space blockbuster comparable to the US ones. It has many scenes similar to 2012, Interstella, Armageddon and Gravity. Well done to the producer who really not disappoint me for making such good movie from original short story of my top favourite sci-fi author. Not to be missed !

Ludicrous plot, ludicrous acting and a struggle to watch.

The scenario only, that earth could be pushed into space without being tare apart it s hilarious and outrageous plus the cgi reminds me playstation.



Still enough room for improvements,but way to go Chinese scifi

Seriously, I think it is a turning point for Chinese Sci-fi movie industry. Quite moving and extremely warming

The visual effect is not bad but the story is pretty boring and acting is not convincing. A popcorn movie will not last in memory for too long

I do not think it is a cultural thing. I loved Crouching Tiger etc. I think this is just a terrible film. It is like a bad sci-fi movie from the 80s but with really bad CG VFX (the wholly VFX shots look like an animation). I thought the premise was interesting but it seems to be just a backdrop to a not very engaging story with horribly 2D/unmotivated characters.

Easily the worst movie of the decade. Great visual effects mixed with absolute rubish script, insane dialogues and worst acting you have ever seen. I cannot imagine how someone signed off on this insanity. There is a good reason why Netflix did not advertise this title anywhere outside of China. I want a refund from Netflix nonetheless... And i am still in shock that this is #2 grossing movie in China ever - our brains must be wired somehow differently

A complete waste of time. Its a cliche of existing disaster movies with bad acting.

The characters' personalities are repelling. The storyline is not logical. The whole movie is too sentimental, too impulso.



Several instances where character actions and motivations do not make sense. Plot is weak (move object from A to B, with a series of accidents getting in the way). Acting quality uneven. Worldbuilding does not make sense (this one is more forgivable, because it is SciFi) Overall, it is about as bad a SciFi movie as Interstellar, which some people rate highly, but others do not - for the above reasons.



Well, this is like the Chinese answer to Independence Day and other similar movies. Now China is the leading nation, Russians come second. No Americans or English speaking characters (or almost) and they save the world. I guess the Kuomintang is behind the movie. Aside from this the movie is pretty well done. But the propaganda stuff is in your face... Nice trying.

Never seen Chinese made such epic and extraordinary science fiction movie that not only did it conclude massive scenes of earth but also the gianaticness of the universe. The idea of pushing our earth out of the solar system is extremely innovative and fabulous. Most of the ordinary space movie will only possess a spaceship or even worse, only a sealed box of a spaceship compartment.But this movie brought space movies into a new level. I would not say it reaches the quality of Hollywood, but it is definitely a worthy opponent while Hollywood movies nowadays lacks of good stories of sfi stories.

This is playing near me but has no reviews on Metacritic, my main resource for judging if I want to see a film. Almost every user review here seems like troll propaganda.

Visually awe-inspiring, acting quite good to be honest but the story... come on! To take with you the whole planet instead of making spaceships for everyone (which would have been better) is stupid. The whole idea is all kinds of silly. Then a few things that happen during the movie do not make any sense whatsoever. It reeks of serie B but it has the money to become a blockbuster. Honestly I usually like anything space related but the story is so bad that I could not invest in any character or even the movie.

This was a decent sci-fi action movie in the likes of Armageddon. with grand special effects and scenery. Wu Jing the lead character did a pretty good job at dramatic acting, while normally he is known for his martial art movies, but in Wolf Warrior we got a glimpse that he can act the drama aswell. I read The Wandering Earth short story from chinese award winning sci-fi author Cixin Liu, and how this film ended we are in for more and probably a sequel. The journey to Proxima Centauri is set to be 2500 years, spanning 100 generations, if done well, thats bound to leave room for more stories and maybe a starting point for a franchise!

The film is easily accessible and emotionally resonant for general audiences, and Wu Jing is on his way of becoming one of the most popular movie stars in China like Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan. Nevertheless, in strict filmmaking terms, this Sci-Fi is far from perfect. The pace is almost constant, and could have been much improved if a narrative focus were chosen. The plot and character development fail as well to a large extent due to the lack of buildup and suspense. The space scenes look fake, compared with those in Gravity or Martian. Casting is also a problem in the sense that most of the young actors are amateurish. The film could have been a masterpiece should the director be a more professional one like Alfonso Cuaron or Ridley Scott.

Ok So, I was looking for a good movie to watch and came across this one, I saw it has 3 and a half star, I read the summary and immediately though that the idea of moving the earth is stupid BUT because of the 3 and half star I wanted to give it a chance. I watched 30 min and stopped, to create and account here and leave my review. So mankind "united" decide that it is a good idea, it is the best of the best idea to build gigantic propellers to move the earth across the (unknown) universe for 2500 years. They then say that this 2500 years journey comes with "unexpected" dangers. It should have been expected that there would be dangers. In just 30 years they managed to build underground cities, and some kind of propeller belt around the equator as well as propellers on one side of the earth, and a space station to go before them I do not know ! i am not sure about the science but, that would be a lot of energy, and a lot of man power to maintain the machines. I know it is just a movie but I like when they are a bit realistic, when you can imagine that the situation can happen. Just make you think a bit.

The movie is very predictable. Everything is so cliché. And the special effects are terrible. An average PS4/Xbox game has better graphics. The actors were alright. I think it is a great movie for teenagers. Some action shots made with CGI had 15fps or something. My brains could not figure out what was happening. Like it was stuttering.

A must miss apocalyptic non-thriller. If you have seen a movie and liked it this one will be a disappointment. Good concept, extremely poor execution. Gave it a 4 so that it would not get any MST points 😉!



Chinese films always have a problem: Where does the money go? It is even lucky that almost all the money go to the pocket of Chinese "data stars". Sometimes, the money just gone without notice. That is one of the reasons why Chinese cannot produce a science fiction film, they do not have enouth money that spend on the CG itself. However, this film is different. a totoal amonut of $50000000 are all spent on the right way, which makse the Wandering Earth has a good start. The next thing is the plot. Different from Hollywood films, it is not about one hero save the world. It is about all of us. We are all heroes. It is an epic about how human save themselves. The story is focusing version of one Chinese team, you can also see other teams from other contries. (America, India, Japan, China, Russia, Korea, U.K....) And there are many turns in the last 1/3 of the film. I really suggest you guys to watch this fantastic film. Last but not least. When those people in different countries use different languages to say: "Goodbye, solar system." My tears come out.

At the desperate moment that 3.5 billion people on earth facing the risk of being destroyed, there must be someone to be first. CG effect and plot are reasonable and convince me a lot, even if i am not a fan of scientific movie or novel. That fiction is written by Chinese writer who won French Hugo Award. Famous and attractive, This movie has been released in major city of both Europe, America and Australia. Really worth the tickets!

I have never expected a Chinese science fiction movie, but now I am full of confidence in it. I am very impressed after reading it. This is the first time I watched a Chinese science fiction movie and will not pull back the reality because of special effects. Secondly, the hero of this movie is not a person or a few people, but all human beings. It is the time when everyone saves the earth together, especially when everyone pushes the needle together. In the end, it is a pity that because of the time limit during the Spring Festival, many of the film is foreshadowings were forcibly clipped, making the story a bit faster. In conclusion, this is a very worthwhile watch, and the final background music is super nice! (I have watched the movie twice)

FIRST, thank you for reading this, I apologize for my poorly written English. About this movie: Story: 8/10 A bold and creative storyline, you have never tried this type of Chinese style sci-fi movie Sound&Visual Effect: 9/10 Stunning visual effects with epic soundtrack,. With all due respect, I thought it was Hans Zimmer who composed the music . I give more credit to it because both visual and sound effects are done(mostly) by Chinese team. Characters: 5/10 The performing is ok, however this film failed to present the humanity of many roles in it. The relationship between family members, among fellow comrades or co-pilots in spaceships should have many stuff to present, but you dont see much in this film. The roles act oddly in many scenes, like the leading role blaming a squad leader who obviously tried everything , and many actors' lines are terrible, its quite a pity. Overall , a 7.5 level movie despite some flaws, not as perfect as Interstellar but hey, how many times have you seen a great Sci-fi movie made by Eastern country? GET SOME!



Note: For Mandarin-speaking viewers or those with a Chinese cultural background, this review does NOT pertain to you. From what I have seen, this movie will probably rank between 8 and 10 for you. You should see it. Below is my review for other audiences ... maybe I missed things because of subtitling / translation issues, be forewarned ... it is rough. I saw this movie in IMAX 3D; I was surprised to see it playing in that format given that it is a Chinese movie with subtitles. But as a sci-fi fan, I had to check it out! The effects and overall story were pretty good. But what ends up on the screen is a bit of a mess. There is almost no character development and the characters did not seem that likable. The storyline was poorly delivered as well. Most of the time, I was able to figure out what was happening only after it had happened. Maybe this was bad subtitling ... but even if it is, this is what to expect if you do not speak Mandarin. The crazy thing is that the overall explanation of what is going on (the premise) is presented at the end ... which also made no sense. It would have made the film a lot more believable and interesting if they put it at the beginning. It is just another crazy thing about this movie. And when I say "believable", i am ignoring the gaping error in the story that the sun is inexplicably about to turn into a red giant. This will not happen for another 5 billion years. I have seen asian-made sci-fi movies that are great. Despite the "big-budget" feel, this is not one of them. But - I did not dislike it either -- it is just "good", so maybe worth a watch if you are a sci-fi fan. Other than that, it is nice to see that the Chinese film industry is ramping up on big-budget sci-fi. The special effects were really good. I hope it is a trend that will continue.

The best Sci-fi made in China ever,it is already beyond my expectation.

Just looking through all the reviews I notice a preponderance of Chinese reviews by people who have suspiciously joined in February to leave one single 9 or 10 star review with minimum coherence or content and left. No other activity, no other history and tellingly no other reviews. Also curiously all those 9/10 star reviews have been upvoted hundreds of times, far more than is typical for a rather pedestrian sci-fi movie. Shows true Chinese astroturfing spirit at it is best... As fake as half their products and as overwhelming as their sheer numbers allow.

I was really excited to watch this, as I think the Chinese movie industry needs some more creative storylines, especially in the sci-fi genre. But unfortunately I felt like I was watching another bang average Michael Bay movie (like Armageddon perhaps...) In other words, a visually exciting blockbuster with no character development and a script that seems like it was written on the back of a napkin by an 8 year old. I have been living in China for 5 years and so I really wanted this to be good. It is gone down well all over China, mainly because it is a symbol of China is growing strength on the world stage. However for those of us who are not Chinese and therefore do not have that emotional connection to the underlying theme, it really is a pretty awful film.

Except the CGI, this movie is very bad. I can not call it SF because the scenario is inconsistent. It is more like a movie of adventure, of "sentimental action", a demonstration of budget. China proves that it can spend a lot of money making a movie. It is good ! Henceforth, maybe they should spend less money making good movies, as they have already done by the past in other type of movies (historical, etc.). The story deserves to be completely rewritten. The cast replaced (characters seem bad and acting is realy bad) or directed otherwise. I do not think this film is suitable for a Western audience, accustomed to the masterpieces of the US SF. But, I cross my fingers for China. Good luck !

One of the most interesting sci fi movies in a while. A must watch.

It was pretty hard to watch as the acting and plot were incredibly weak. The characters were very shallow and the special effects were akin to a shameful B-movie. I am guessing the reason that some people like it is due to the whole "So bad that it is good" concept. But it is just really bad.



By itself, the CGI is pretty good, story is ok, but the acting is not so good. The acting alone would qualify it to be an MST3K candidate. I get a chuckle just thinking of the riffs that could be done in some of these scenes. C'mon Joel and company, this is GOLD!!

Appalling acting and script and gave up after the first 30 minutes.

The BGM feels so similar to Hans Zimmer, is it a coincidence or plagiarism? This is so uncomfortable for me, also the story is just so-so, the visual effect is very good though.

Just watch it - is the only thing I can come up with as I am not good at writing tales in English recommending something. However, what I can promise you that you will not regret spending two hours of your life watching a non-Hollywood filmed SF movie. You would probably be worried on the effects and stories of a Chinese movie since you might have not heard of any at all, I can hereby state confidently that the effects are absolutely Hollywood level, and can definitely be compared with Interstellar. Also, if you are really a SF fan, you must have heard about Liu Ci Xin already, the author of "The Three Body Problem", who is famous for writing hard core SF stories. I would recommend his books as well if you have not read already. In a nut shell, this is a good SF movie which absolutely worth watching, regardless which country you are from, whether you are interested in an Asian culture or not, it is worth watching just because you like Science Fiction, and you are happy to accept the fact that a good story can come from any where. It is science, technology and fantasy that amazed you, regardless of which country saved the world in the end.

One of the best in my favorite list. Will go to cinema to watch this movie again

Its more fantasy than scifi, more ensemble melodrama than blockbuster, more cg than film, but still the best propaganda yet. I think if it were executed with a little more subtlety and less characters to focus on..and probably a more reasonable use of sciencey related plot devices, this would have done it for me. In all seriousness, I want good scifi out of the east. Every filmmaking country has a bent, including the US, and if done well enough a film should help its viewers look past constraints places by the studio or state. I keep waiting for a solaris level movie, but this is not it. The messages are not subtle, and the overwhelming melodramatic points take away from what could have been very compelling. I get that the reason no one stands out, is because thats the point. Every character is working in service of a larger goal.. but an everyday person can still have character, not the trope filled vignettes and meanigless death scenes we get. A flashback before death does not make me identify with the character more. The overall look of the film was good. The cg is telling at points, but a win in my book. Story, pacing, script, camerawork all need big help. This is still the best production I have seen, and the best, albiet glaringly obvious, chinese movie. I hope this signals more improvement to come.



This is minestone of Chinese sci-fi movie. I can not even believe this movie is "Made in China".LoL

The movie just teach Hollywood how to make a cosmos imagination film! Fantastic construction of the story,just place yourself on a high posture , people all over the world worked together to push earth away from sun to save the earth as the solar system is about to crush.The image, The audio all that element shocked me, is this film made by Chinese? So I will give a 10 to the film. And I would like to recommend you guys to see the movie, Quite worth the ticket price.

Keep the Faith, Save the Earth. The first step of chinese sci film, nice try

I NEVER write reviews. This movie is beautiful, thats it. The complete disregard for science and the disgusting, shamefully selfish actions of the father.... the cliche... If I can warn just 1 person from watching this trash, it will have all been worth it.

I walked in without much of expectation and enjoyed a thorough ride of emotional roller coaster! The grand scale of background story, the cruel rule of survival in a beautiful universe, and of course, the sacrifice people make in saving the others, all make this film the most enjoyable experience and memory I have had in a long time.

Although some CGI looked 1990 is quality (explosions, flames etc), the rest of the visuals were stunning. The story itself was amazing, but the screenplay needed some work. Some scenes felt too rushed and jumped into the next with missing info, while others dragged out to the point I was thinking "ok, we get it". Maybe better editing/cutting down some scenes was needed. Some of the dialogue was cheesy as were the attempts at humor. Some of the acting was typical Chinese over-done/exaggerated/cheesy, and would have been better with more serious overtones or straight-up normal acting. The score was good for the most part, but out of place and overbearing in some scenes. Nevertheless, the visuals made up for most of the flaws, as did the films concept. Definitely a must-see for all sci-fi fans. A well deserved 8/10 from me.

Just finished watching. It is far beyond my expectation. It shows how human united when facing disasters. The script is great. Highly recommend!!!

Happy New Year!i am a Chinese, and I will tell you guys a little bit about the behind-the-scenes story of the movie. Google translation please understand. 1.The story begins in 2013. The Chinese film has The rights to three liu cixin novels, including The Wandering Earth. China film has contacted many foreign directors, including Cameron, Alfonso, luc besson... Without exception, they were rejected. Can China really make good science fiction films? Nobody knows. It was not until June 2015 that the project of stray earth was put into the hands of young director guo fan. When The project was in preparation, The film version of "The three body problem" had just stopped shooting, and The whole industry was skeptical of science fiction films. 2.In January 2016, guo and her colleagues wrote an outline of the script after returning to China. The outline alone is 25,000 words, while a normal movie script is only 30,000 or 40,000 words. In the whole preparatory period, they wrote a script of about 1 million words. The first draft of the script was about 70,000 words, and each of them wrote it at least 10 times. In this case, there is no contract and no remuneration, the two men put all their efforts to work for more than half a year. Guo fan pad has a capital of more than one million yuan. The film was officially approved in July 2016. Before that, the project may have been replaced due to a slight mistake, or even difficult labor. Eventually the script struck a chord with some investment firms. 3.After shooting, the difficulty of shooting was unceasable, and it was normal to work for more than ten hours continuously. The crew members rested in groups, and the director barely rested, and only slept for two or three hours every day.But after a while the budget was not enough!At this time as a guest actor wu jing stood out, zero pay and investment of 60 million.Out of more than 4,000 shots shot, 2003 were selected for post-production. Because the budget could not have produced all the shots. If more than 4000 shots are cut, it will take nearly four hours, and each character story will be full. This film was a gamble, but it won out, to applause, and the rise of Chinese science fiction.The significance of the film for China goes beyond the film itself.I hope you guys enjoy this film!



So ill try and be short here but for the ones who skim... TLDR i gave this a 10 because i think allot of people missed some key facts and someone needs to up-vote this movie. 1. They made a movie that looks this good on a 50 million dollar budget. go research how many films in the west can say they did that in 2018 in fact take it back to 2000 and you might see some eye openers yes there are some fine movies for 50 mill but considering some of the drivel that has cost 4 times that from production companies who have all of the power and resources at their command id say this film is batting way above its budget on visuals alone. 2. I noticed some people mentioning acting. ....its a Chinese movie people??? its been over acted in some places and under acted in others. it was made by a different culture who have an entirely different way of depicting stories and characters. you would not expect characters in a Japanese film or anime to act like will flipping smith go watch Armageddon and then come back and tell me this did not blow that away like the final scenes in this movie. and it did not have any pretentious love story ruining an otherwise solid far fetched sci-fi action film 3. considering the country of origin this film just delivered a couple of strong female characters who (yes maybe they were not main plot with allot of lines) did not have the hots for a main character and arguably were on screen about as much as any of the others. it also covers a multi national cooperative approach where it did not pretend china were the only people on earth or that they were the only ones trying to save it. 4. i have never bothered to leave a review on any movie ever before and at 36 you would think i am old enough to force my pointless opinions on someone by now. But because most western films i see get the fair treatment they deserve and certainly the budget to do what they want i had to do something here! 5.This film left me asking enough questions to not only wonder about its budget and a few other facts but energised me to look it up online and gasp at such an unforgivably poor rating from people. that gave me the desire to want to try and put that right so.. 6 and finally! if you recon this movie, compared to films in it genre, at its budget, delivered from a country that gets allot of bad press. really deserves a 6.5 or lower i have to ask why would watched a sci-fi space apocalyptic epic in the first place? you clearly do not like sci-fi! or should stop watching films not made in the west. (or both) If you expect sci-fi to always make perfect scientific sense and every actor give a flawless oscar award winning performance based solely on a western cinema platform then your being very short sighted discriminatory and dull Dare to dream sci-fi should make you wonder about the impossible and how you can make it real! Meh that was about as short as i expected. sorry :)

Remember "Armageddon"? Neither do I. But advance CGI 20 years and we have "The Wandering Earth." This is a movie that is snugly in the realm of fantasy with cardboard thin, stereotypical characters. There is a lot of copying from great scifi films, but without any of the depth of the characters or story. Viewers expecting a great scifi will be sorely disappointed. The good is that the movie is a CGI spectacle, and it has a few of genuine moments of dialogue that wring out some emotion or humor. The overall enjoyable ride is a mishmash of many great scifi movies, or at least the most memorable scenes. The movie has just enough to be enjoyable. The bad is that it has only a few genuine moments of dialogue. Every other line is screamed, barked, or mostly unintelligible. Characters are paper-thin with entirely predictable roles. A petulant teenager, a younger sibling, the loving grandpa, a dutiful father, the military commander, a conniving AI, a comical Russian... none of the characters have any more depth than that. Unfortunately, the movie never quite rises above being a CGI spectacle. It only copies superficially from the greats like "2001", "Gravity", and "Interstellar" without any of the depth. Go in with no expectations, and you will find a somewhat enjoyable ride with only mild disappointment.

This is China is 1st attempt at a big blockbuster sci-fi film. The IMAX 3D was very impressive, but the movie itself is very similar to all other Hollywood disaster films that has a gluttony of too much non-stop action scenes. This movie reminds me of a mashup between 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Day After Tomorrow, Independence Day and Armageddon.



One of the best Sci-Fi movie in the last 5 years. I was so impressed by the screenshots, especially in the last 60 minutes. Imaging, a large red Jupiter shows together with a blue exquisite Earth; they are connected with the white atmospheric vortex between the two plants through black mysterious space... The screenshots were shifted among the three scenes when the movie goes to climax, each representing a nervous story happening there. The original author Liu Cixin is the winner of the "Hugo Award", the highest award for science fiction literature (2015). The wandering earth is just one of his masterpieces, a medium/short story written nearly 20 years ago. I guess with the praise of the film, his most important work "The Three-Body" will have another wave of enthusiasm in the world - after all, even Obama is a fan of this book.

Finally...a real hardcore sci-fi movie had been made in the nation with a population of over 1.3 billion.

The story is interesting enough but it just did not hook me, with many parts feeling included for the sake of it making the film too long. 5 stars mainly for effort and special effects.

Love the whole concept!!! Way the go !!!! Love armageddon films

19 years ago,Cixin Liu wrote this novel , I read it and started a 19-years' expectation. Now the movie has been released finally.Maverlous !

The effect is awesome! I wonder if they gonna publish their concept art design. the story and its setting are good. Several details doesnt quite make sense, but they neglectable.

Good effects but a lot of loopholes. Overall not a bad interstellar movie by a first timer.

Just prove the technical posibility that Chinese can shoot a sci-fi movie,but not a good story.

This is the best sci-fi movie directed and filmed from China I have seen. Before I watched the movie, I have read the novel written by Hugo Award winning novelist Cixin Liu. I was attracted by the bold idea in the novel: save the human by flying the earth away. The novel was short, intense and interesting. I was happy to know there will be a movie. On the other hand, we do not have much expectation that the sci-fi movie directed by Chinese (all due respect.) This movie is definitely different. The visual effect is so real that it just puts you into the scenes you can image while the whole earth is messed up by coldness, the major cities such as Beijing and Shanghai covered by ice & snow, and the space station, 10,000 propulsion sites, and the galaxy, Jupiter and earth. All look rather real and beautiful in some way. The movie is showed on the Chinese New Year day. There are quite a few scenes relating to the traditional holiday celebrating in China and among the Chinese all over the world. There are special feeling watching this movie on this day in US if you call my opinion is biased. There are some hilarious scenes in nowadays Chinese culture. Need to have the background to appreciate them, though.

I took my wife and daughter to the cinema to watch this first Chinese Sci-Fi movie. Everyone walked out the theatre with red eyes. Honestly never thought a hard-core sci-fi story could bring us to tears. hey people on the earth, let is stop hating each other. We have a same home and there are not many good days left.





I do not speak any Chinese what so ever, however understanding what the Director went through and the brick walls he hit and those who refused to back him is a story of its own. With those who believed in his Vision and backed him from start to finish I commend you all. Movies do not have to be made with the best visual effects they just need to be made with Passion and Vision of those who believe in what they are doing. I served in the Australian military for 15 years and did 5 tours of East Timor, Afghanistan and Iraq, my injuries unfortunately left me without a career. I only follow positivity and the story of how this movie was possible is fantastic. I would love to be an Extra in any sequel and would do it for free, unfortunately due to my injuries no one will give me a chance. Reading how this movie had so many hurdles from non believers I have to commend all who made this great movie possibly. Thank you.

And the best Chinese sci-fi film ever. it is delivering a belief that everyone could be a hero and everyone would try his/her best to save the world even sacrificing themselves. People can change, for their families.

Brilliant animation. A overall consistent plot line with plenty of stories of emotional attachments among all roles. It somehow differentiates itself from other Hollywood Sci-Fi hits by not letting earth go when catastrophic disaster happens. A tad weak on the scientific front which makes it short from the ranks of say Interstellar but definitely better than The Martian.

The Sifi effective with reality. Fantastic videography tones. Suggest the 168 min edition which is much more completed humanities built.

I hate the plot, some of the story or setting just does not make much of sense! The only impression I had was confusion! Plot does not feel smooth!

In theory, this should be China is first sci-fi film.Meanwhile,I believe as Chinese people, they will be excited to see this film. The Chinese have never tried anything like this in the past. This film deserves encouragement. After all, the city of Rome was not built in a day. But did the film succeed? I do not think so. The Wandering Earth wants to portray each character as real and impressive, but they are empty and hard to remember; it wants to design every action play tensely and excitedly, but the visual effect is weak and loose; it wants to tell every story line clearly and dramatically, but the rhythm of the film is out of control frequently. We can see from this: first, the director of The Wandering Earth has insufficient personal ability to control such a grand story;second, the playwright obviously lacks the ability or ambition to write a novel and creative script;third, the Chinese people have not yet been able to grasp the plot text created by writers like Liu Cixin,he is a wonderful writer for me anyway;fourth, for Chinese people, to create an excellent sci-fi movie,they still have a long way to go.

I am a fan of science fiction movies and literature. I have previously read the wandering earth and Liu is other books and have been impressed by the grand scale of his stories - in space and especially time; a science fiction version of the Lord of the Rings. The Wandering Earth movie is a fantastic adaptation of Liu is book and adds a micro scale human and personal element that perfectly complements the GRAND scale of the story itself.

There are movies, which in order to keep the suspense, something could go wrong. In this absurd and nonsense story everything, I mean everything went wrong. Watching the movie was like a puzzle. One can ask - what could go wrong in this scene? Something may fall down, someone may get hurt. In each scene in this move - whatever bad you can and cannot image happened... The abbreviation of the title is TWE (the wondering earth). The should change the word earth some other world, starting with F.

My first ever review - I prefer reading them as I never know what to say! With this, I know exactly what to say... If you value your time do not watch this film. I love this genre and hoped for a good invigorating watch. The preview looked great. Clearly they chose the only few seconds that could capture an audience and after the trailer it was all downhill, fast! Awful acting, awful plots, which could have been amazing and awful interpretation. i am off to watch dougal and zebedee in the magic roundabout, far more stimulating!!

It is no more stupid than Armageddon, it was watchable, but 9 out of 10, lol

10 is for balancing unreasonable 1 score. There is a very satirical phenomenon that a part of people hired by some film companies which are rivals of The Wandering Earth maliciously rate 1 score for this movie at Douban, a Chinese movie rating website. The score sharply declined from 8.5 out of 10 to current 7.9. The purpose of these film company is to lower the whole box office of The Wandering Earth. In addition, many Chinese film fans are also used to refer feedback of films from IMDb. These hired people also could not let slip this good chance to rate 1 score at IMDb for The Wandering Earth. As you can see, the score of The wandering earth dropped down obviously.

This is really an anti-Hollywood movie.By working together ,not superheroes ,to save the earth, this movie fascinated me a lot with its new ideas that never saw in American movies.

So far the first & best Chinese Sci-fi movie, a story adapted from Liu Cixin (a Chinese Sci-fi writter famous for his The Three-Body Problem)'s novel The Wandering Earth. The movie is comparable to Hollywood blockbusters in terms of special effects and the story itself, thanks to Liu Cixin is novel, again. The movie is also different to Holkywood styled sci-fi movie in 2 aspects. First, the setting of the story is when the solar system is no longer suitable for the mankind to survive because the sun is dying and growing in sizet and the earth will be swallowed. Of course, the humans built spaceships to help save the...plant, our earth, not to take as many people as possible and abandon the planet. Saving but not leaving the earth reflects the Chineses' understanding and feelings to the word 'home', which is different to smilar Hollywood disaster sci-fi movies, for instance, The Day After Tomorrow. In Chinese culture, home is always the castle/shelter, regardless of socio-economic status; home is where the soul resides. Also, different to USA hero movies, individualism is not the message this movie is conveying. When facing the crisis that could wipe out all the human beings, Chinese believe all nations should unite in order to succeed, regardless of race, culture or ideaologies. This is why you will see Chinese, Japanese, Koreans, Indonesians, Russians, Americans, French etc. characters in the movie; and in the end, only the united efforts of all these people could make a difference. The movie is also saluting to Yuri Gagarin, and I believe more to his contribution to the entire human race in terms of space exploration. The spirit of self-sacrifice for the family and greater cause. There many things worth pointing out in the movie not limited to the above listed, please go to the cinema, you will not regret it.

Great first Chinese SCI-FI movie! It is completely different from American film that 1 hero saved the world. Must see series 1!

i am so tired of seeing super hero movies these days. As a result, I have not been to the theater for a long time. This movie attracted me because of the novelty of the story. The movie is well made. VR is great. Acting is acceptable. Do see the IMax version if it is available.

Watched the movie in the only theater near my home. Great movie with quite some emotional points. The scene in space looks spectacular and seeing the Earth on the way is an eye opening moment.

I wish the English name of the movie, Wandering Earth, could be used on this site for international audience.

The story is out of mind and the picture is great too

As a Chinese in mainland China,I have been always dreaming we can make a sci fiction movie like interstellar,which impressed me much,but the wandering earth apparently does not reach the height.Maybe it has not bad visual effects,some fantastic scenes.And to some extent,it is a so-called milestone.But it fails to tell a good story,not just for this movie,it is a difficulty the Chinese movie industry faces.

This is more of a comment on all the criticism on it is plot. It is sci fi so if you want to be all logic on moving the earth by 10,000 engines I say " The Suspension of Disbelief, that is basically what one does in every science " fiction ". If one wants you can find fault in Star Wars, Star Trek any sci fi. So next time you say " oh c,Mon ! ", Repeat after me " the suspension of disbelief ". You will feel better and just enjoy the show. This is the first review I have done while watching and again I like this. It is nice to see a movie in a kind of big blockbuster style that is done in a totally different view point ,the most refreshing thing about this movie. Also we have to work together to try to survive . I really want to read the books now.

Truly, this movie has mostly lived up to its hype. It certainly is a step forward for Chinese sci-fi. Special effects were impressive. The story itself was also touching and meaningful. I have to note, though, that the director said that "this movie was more for a Chinese audience than for Western audiences." Elements of the story certainly show that. There are also some very minor plot holes but this is because some scenes were deleted. Acting was good but could be improved. On another note, I do not quite understand why the rating has dropped all the way from 8.0+ down to here. Looking through the reviews it seems that some people purposefully gave lower ratings because of "the presence of Chinese bots." Um, evidence? Then there are those who are giving "1"s just to lower the rating and admitting it. Who is acting like a bot? Hmm. What about the possibility that a movie is significantly more appealing to a certain audience than another? Why so sour?

What is the differences between Hollywood sci-movies and Chinese movies? USA: American government is stupid. Only the brave people can save the world. China: Trust the big government, especially when disaster comes. USA: Roles from other countries are only helpers. A final shot must be taken by American. And among all American, the whole world are waiting for the major role. China: Nobody / country is smarter than others. No one is unique. No one has higher position than others. All good ideas have already be thought over and tested by thousands of other smart guys. So the only way is uniting the whole intelligence.

I love movies, but I consider most of them are not worth of going to the theater. The trailer bought me to the theater for several reasons. "What will happen if the Sun disappear?" "How human beings survive if the Sun explodes?" There are good fictions and serious science behind the two questions, but there is never a movie talking about it. Making a good sci-fi, you need good science behind it. There are a lot of physics Q&A for small details in this movie. "Why not just build rocket ships and take human beings to another planet?" "Why atmosphere pressure has anything to do with lift force for an aircraft?" When I was a kid, I used to think all sci-fi movies should make scientific sense. I realized how precious it is a sci-fi movie choose to stick to scientific accurate. Even when investor withdrew the money because they think is too hard-core and will have no market. The story, is really about how people choose to help each other and bond with each other and how people choose to sacrifice. The only spoiler I will tell you is: Beijing No.3 Transportation Division reminds you. Routes are countless. Safety is foremost. Unregulated driving. Loved ones end up in tears. And prepare to cry for the story.

A movie based on Cixin Liu is science fiction. Big Liu is science fiction does it well on indicating splendid Chinese cultural values with popular scientific theories. And this movie precisely translated those values into international visual language. Finally we see a world that is not saved by one single man but through the selfless cooperation of the entire human race. Instead of fleeing our home planet under the disaster, we choose to stay.

A meh scifi from china riddled with bad storyline and subplots. i could not handle the personality of the crew nor the missions.

The very beginning of Chinese science fiction film. Benefiting from Cixin Liu is grand idea,Although the details and texture are not as good as Intersteller ,it is still an exciting work and milestone.

Under the huge, chaotic and rough special effects package, the old-fashioned family and social concept is sold. As a science fiction work, the science aspect is relatively naive; the plot is basically based on incitement. Liu Cixin apparently did not live up to the influence exerted by the Revolutionary opera in childhood.

I was surprised to see a 7.9 for this movie. I thought it should be at least above 8.5. I checked some 1 star rater is review. OK, some of them just hate China, or anything related to China. I really doubt if they had watched the movie or not. Anyways, I think this is a great movie. This Sci-Fi movie is showing something different, rather than finding a new earth, or create a new earth, but keep and move the current earth. I like the idea. I think it worth your time and money to watch. "No matter how good you are, someone is always going to be against you. But never let them be the limit of your success." Terry Mark

Flat characters, stupid plot that is based on a scientific nonsense (The Avengers had more scientific accuracy) which resulted in one unreasonable scene followed by another. At a very early point in the movie I stopped caring about the characters. Whatever movie you are about to make, it all begins in the script. Unfortunately this movie did not have one: huge plot holes, nothing made sense.

A fantastic sci-fi movie, through which you will see many things which you will never see them in a Hollywood movie.

A Chinese sci-fi move that exceed expectations! China is first real sci-fi blockbuster! China is unique values: collective rather than personal heroes save the world, when encountering a big disaster,not to find a new home but to take away the original home.

There has no reason to deny its spectacular setting and amazing graphics and CGI. But all the ridiculous plots and reckless protagonist just offset all its pros. I have no more words but ridiculous. Although the wandering earth is indeed a fantastic romantic imagination to the universe. But this AWFUL story does not deserve such great given circumstances.

I really enjoyed this movie. And I was so moved when the whole world saying Goodbye to our Solar system through different languages, beautiful yet sad...

The under URL is The Eastern Eggs and Many uncovered Details of the wandering earth FROM DOUBAN at china. The author ID is Neo. (besides, the IMDB is forbidden out of the fishing URL & the language of the Article is in Chinese Mandrin ) I believe it will help you more smoothly through the movie. Maybe I can translate the end lines of this 10KWords+ Comments in English for you...& I am glad and honor to answer any questions about the HARDCORE story point of this movie (^-^) To be continued... & Best Wishes ^_^

Adapted from Chinese writer Liu Cixin, this Sci-fi fantasy short story lack of the knowledge of the basic space science, astrophysics and common sense, but nothing short of absurdities that only the elementary schoolers might easily to embrace its laughable storyline and scenarios. This movie has shrunk and reduced the coming Earth death from 1 billions more years to 300 years, the death of the burning up Sun and expanded itself into a Red Giant from 5 billions years to 300 years, both distorted the prediction of astrophysics. The movie has dreamed up some ridiculous propellers to push the Earth escape from the expanded Red Giant Sun is solar gravitation, making the Earth run deep into Space to become a wandering planet, but totally ignored the fact that Earth needs the Sun to maintain the livelihood, without Sun, there would no heat, without the circling rotation around the Sun, no seasons would be existed; without the self-rotation of the Earth itself, there would be no day and night, 24/7/365. The Sun is the only life support of the Earth, running away by pushing itself away from the Sun and survive obviously is a Chinese way of thinking, a whimsical wet dream. When the Earth would be possible to become a "Wandering Planet"? The astrophysics has already explained to us: "The gravity of the Sun keeps the planets in their orbits. They stay in their orbits because there is no other force in the Solar System which can stop them. The Sun contains 99.85% of all the matter in the Solar System. The planets, which condensed out of the same disk of material that formed the Sun, contain only 0.135% of the mass of the solar system. Jupiter contains more than twice the matter of all the other planets combined. Satellites of the planets, comets, asteroids, meteoroids, and the interplanetary medium constitute the remaining 0.015%. So it means the Earth would be 99.85% less massive than the Solar System. We can operate with the approximation that the only relevant gravitational attraction once the sun is removed is the one that exists between planets and their moons. So, everything in Earth will, all of a sudden, start going in a straight (or nearly straight) line in the direction it was heading immediately prior to the Sun is gravitational pull no longer being felt. All the planets would be immediately demoted to "ROGUE" status." In other words, like what this Chinese Sci-fi writer is layman choice of Chinese words, "Liu Lang/Wandering" instead of "ROGUE", even the peoples on Earth COULD invent some All-You-Can-Dream-About thrust energy so powerful that could pull Earth away from the Sun and miraculously not disintegrated immediately, then again, could miraculously escape the huge sucking gravitation power from Jupiter, and finally became an absolute home-free, still be able to maintain the supply of the Oxygen, drinking water, heat and light (no more from the Sun, dude) to support all the livelihood on this Wandering basketball....WOW..... But the fact will be: "Once the Earth demoted to ROUGUE status, all lives will quickly become extinct. Maybe at the beginning of the ROUGUE state, there is tiny possibility for a few people to survive for some time, but the likelihood of repopulating an Earth with an ecosystem that was once fed by Solar energy being completely destroyed, and ambient temperatures close to Absolute Zero, is, at best, incredibly slim. So, in a very short moment, Everyone Dies. After that, there will not be anyone around to care about what takes place, so that is where our story ends." When the ecosystem of the Earth that coming from the Sun no more existed, there is absolutely Nothing could exist. But maybe, just maybe, this Chinese Sci-fi writer, his supporting Chinese movie industries, and the patriotic Chinese 5-cents (Wu Mao) could still survive. Long live the Chinese Science and Culture! In summary, what we saw in this film was still from the angle of a few Chinese. The recent success of landing an exploring device on the back of the Moon definitely encouraged the Chinese to dream big as the leader role of Space Travel, but this movie based on an absurd short story simply ridiculed and exposed the shallowness of the Chinese movie industries, their limited knowledge and know-hows of the Space technology can only afford them to script such childish Sci-Fi movie. There must be a huge budget spent on its CGI computerized special effect and the wardrobes of the Chinese astronauts, but the screenplay was still like a regular farce that was usually seen in the shallow Chinese movies. Did you notice that the Chinese Communist Party and the so-called "God" both seemed to disappear in the whole storyline? Inshallah, my men.

Okay, I watched it, all the way. It took 3 tries, and manipulation of my perception of reality (drinking), but I finally got through this mess. I mainly wrote this review to thumb my noses at all the reporters who act shocked and horrified that this got dumped straight to video in the US, despite making gobs of cash in China. To them I say, "Did you actually WATCH this mess?" There is a reason Netflix dumped it. It is garbage, nice looking garbage, but garbage. Cheesy, ridiculous, nonsensical plot. Yes, things were lost in translation i am sure, but holy heck this is a stinker. Avoid at all costs.

320 million RMB,about 50 million dollars,director and the Special effects team present such wonderful movie to us.Be kindly,contrast the investment for other Sic-Fi movie.Even for IRON MAN1,they got 14 billion dollars,about 3 times higher than The Wandering Erath,sobe tolerant to this Low Budget Film OK?

Spectacular special effects, a plot full of twists and turns, and not all the good guys survive realistically.

Bring amazing experience from china thx. this is maybe the first scientific movie made in china, and it totally touched me

Overall great, great, great movie. (Programmer save the earth)

What is the self-confidence of Chinese science fiction movie? This movie can tell you everything about it. Chinese finally product a Chinese own millstone science fiction movie, cheers!

It is really an epic masterpiece! The whole film carries out the spirit of the human destiny community, and it really touches me more than the individual heroism movie!

I never thought a Chinese sci-fi movie could be such amazing. After all, how many Chinese sci-fi movies have you even heard about before this one? However, to be frank, the story telling of this movie is not very good. A lot of details about the wandering earth project (which is the main thing in the movie) and the world settings were missing. And the acting was pretty bad, although I understand why the characters were doing what they were supposed to do, I just cannot relate to anyone of them. I was told this was because they have to keep the length of the movie under 120 mins to get it on during the Chinese New Year prime time. If there is a director is cut blu-ray DVD, I will definitely buy it. The movie is adapted from the original novel The Wandering Earth. The entire "earth is about to crush into Jupiter" crisis was not in the novel. This is why I strongly recommend people who have already watched the movie to read the original novel (It is already been translated into English).

Quite different story. In other similar movie, people/hero will find other home when their home is under threat. While in this one, they did not desert them home, they move their home away from threat in order to make it re-born. Quite interesting. Recommend to watch in IMAX. PS: Have noticed many 1 star review, looks like many of them are new register in last few days and only have ONE review for this movie. That makes people think about what is behind... :)

One of the best sci-fi movies that i have ever watched! Great after effects and acting! I cried when some rescuers died, so touching! Highly recommended!

In general, this film has a lot of innovations, but the production is not so good that it can give a score of 8 or 9 points.

i am a big fan of hard science fiction and love when movies are well-thought. Films like Interstellar or the Martian are my favorite. On the other hand, with precious few exceptions, I never really enjoyed Chinese movies, so I was rather skeptical of The Wandering Earth. I had heard about the story it was based upon - The Three Body Problem, but I have not read it (yet). I must say that The Wandering Earth is indeed a great movie. Not a great Chinese movie. A great movie. In fact, it is better than most big-budget Hollywood movies. The idea itself - a 2500 year project to move Earth to a new solar system, is more ambitious than anything I have read. Good old Jules Verne had a story novel about changing Earth is rotational axis and Isaac Asimov had one about moving an asteroid, but they pale in comparison to this endeavour. i am sure some will be quick to try to find similarities with other movies, and you can find them, obviously. There is a computer that reminds me of HAL in 2001 or the one in WALL-E. There are some scenes inspired by Gravity, but nowadays all space movies borrow from it. At a human level, the story is relatively simple. The characters are not very well developed, but this can be said of most action movies. The main protagonists do have a nice progression though. Special effects range from adequate to stunningly beautiful. Some do look too much like CGI but it never looks cheap or rushed. Overall, it is amazing how much Chinese cinema has progressed in the last years and I recommend it to all sci-fi enthusiasts.

This movie provides an unknown scientific fact to many movie goers that Sun is dying. No hero is going to save us except us. Many viewers though the theory behind it does not make sense, but it is a reality we will face many generations later. As a scientist point of view, this is entertaining and great fun to watch, although the characters plot could be more developed but it is a good enough movie to showcase its greatness about what human can achieve if we all work together

Wandering Earth is undoubtedly a monumental film for Chinese cinema, but it is not without flaws. The CG and visual effect of the film is on par with Hollywood sci-fi and like many things Chinese nowadays, even more grandiose than many of them. The film is also able to rid itself of many Chinese movie Stereotypes by smartly utilizing several loopholes, and this effort has to be commended. It is also great to see Chinese imagination at work as the filmmakers transform China into a world that nobody has ever dared wander into. The science is also easy to understand and appeals to the masses, and we also get to see Chinese heroism in a modern setting, something that needs to be done more regularly. But as a film many lines still feel recited for emotional purposes that feels out of place, and the Wu Jing subplot feels out of place and unnatural, he is simply not a great fit for the movie and takes the audience into his previous work through his stoic monotonous performance. Regardless, this is a monumental movie, an enjoyable ride that is proudly Chinese. I suspect there will now be a line of emulators that will fail miserably. Sometimes one is not too few.

This movie may be the first trying to reach the top height of chinese fiction movie



Finally the earth is saved by everyone All over the world instead of some American heroes. Nice graphic btw.

A really good Chinese Film. Like everything on it. Except the main Charakter. The young guys was not really a good actor. Also the old man.. What should i say..Could be better. But. All in all. The atmosphere. The filming. The CGI effects and the story-line. Really good. No big pauses inside movie. Very long. But enjoyed it. Only thing to mentioned. They adapted a lot of scenes from other movies. For example. The jump at the end to the reactor. I think that was copied from skyscraper. Also other parts i felt quit familiar with other movies from the angel and motion. But. I say it again. Was very good. Enjoyable. And, besides from the bad englisch Synchronisation voices, a nice film.

It is the first day of CNY here in Beijing and I just walked out of the cinema to write this review. Two hours ago, as long as I heard it is a Chinese sci-fi movie, I doubt that I will be wasting two hours in the cinema. however I was shocked that the storyline the script the screenplay the sci-fi effect can match to any Hollywood sci-fi movie up to date. Especially the storyline is by Cixin liu, the best sci-fi fiction writer here in China who wrote the three body. Definitely worth watching if you like interstellar.

7 for the movie, 1 for the novel, and 2 for those people who think others are "rating bots";)

Este es el título como se conoce a este film en Sudamérica.

Wow very amazing movie for 2019. I hope part 2 will come sooner.

There are really no good sci fi movies around that I have not seen. I read the reviews. i am sorry but it was really good. I could pick apart things here and there but I can do that with just about any movie. Overall it was a good watch. It had me sitting on the edge of my seat the last 3rd of it. It looked amazing without feeling fake like avengers infinity war did. It really made it look like what they were doing was really possible! I just hope if there is a sequel American Hollywood does not get their hands on it. Every time they take over something sci fi they ruin it. My only complaint is they shot things so fast it was hard to know who was doing what but I was still able to figure out what was going on. I wish Netflix would dub more foreign films. I cannot watch action and read subtitles so there are many movies that look good but I cannot watch. Way to go Netflix for making it possible to watch.



It is definitely a blockbuster that I personally will recommend to everyone.

Compared with the traditional spaceship, the escape of the entire planet is undoubtedly more shocking. In this respect, the film is worth a view. However, if we look it with a more rigorous eye, such as, music, actors' acting, scientific rationality, social changes in the death of the earth, comparing with interstellar ,Liu Lang Di Qiu has failed much.

The scenario is really good, but the director did not have full control of the movie. The acting skill of the actors is really bad. The movie was cut too much to be incoherent.

Actually, this movie is adapted from a sci-fi of Liu. I have been very fascinated with the work of Liu, who is also the writer of one of my favorite books, the Three-Body Problem. So, when I saw the screenwriter of the Wander Earth is Liu, my interest is immediately aroused. But there is still a doubt in my mind-can China is film special effects team produce such magnificent scenes? Well, when the trailer released, I book the ticket at once. In order to fully feel the visual and sound effects, I booked tickets in Dolby Cinema with Dolby Vision & ATOMS, which has the advanced projection technology. The level of the Wander Earth, an Chinese science fiction film, really left a deep impression on me. Although this is a sci-fi movie, the theme of it is Hope and Home, which is inextricably linked with the spiritual core of China. When facing the problem of racial extinction, we choose to bring our home with us instead of abandoning it cruelly-we realized that the environment we live in is an inseparable part of us. Additionally, although the artificial intelligent has calculated that there is no possible of rescuing the Earth, Liu Peiqiang and Liu Qi still do not give up, making others to join them and finally save everyone. The most important factor of his success is hope. "There is hope, there is a will." You will not know what will happen until the last time-so why not have a try? Moreover, not like another film, Wolf Warriors 2, of Wu Jing, in this film, internationalism is beyond the nationalism, which sublimates the consciousness of human destiny community. All in all, the movie conveys the spiritual power in an infectious way that is unprecedented in the history of Chinese film. However, the only drawback is that there are some obvious scientific errors in many details of the film. Improving the scientific nature may make this story more real. To be honest, the Wandering Earth still have a huge gap with the Interstellar. But as it is the first sci-fi movie of China, it is good enough. Out of the content of the Wander Earth, I also want to talk about the movie industries of China and the meaning of this movie. The Wandering Earth is undoubtedly creating a new situation of Chinese science fiction films, for its shocking visual effects and the thought-provoking theme. The box-office of it has now been risen to 3 billion, encouraging all sci-fi movie makers to chase their dream. I hope that in the nearest future, there could be a booming development of Chinese movie industry in both box-office and the meaningful theme.

After so many years of waiting, Chinese sci-fi fans finally get their reward.

No idea why there are so many losers just trying to give 1 star rating. This movie worth my money.

I have seen reviews that praise this movie and ones that tear it apart. For me it is a beautifully filmed move with ok acting. Those not exposed to foreign films may not get the whole story. It is surprising a film from China could deal with an end of the world moment. Michael Bay on steroids it is but there is a visual aspect that most end of the world movies miss. It is the best of the genre? No. Is it a movie that you can watch more than once? Yes! Ignore all these he Kenneth Turan, film school wanna be is and people who would likely complain that their scallops or risottos are not perfect and just watch the movie. Not perfect but real good!

Do not expect any acting, drama, thrill that is what is the core of a movie. Without it, it is just a documentary on a hypothetical situation. Vfx and logic is best used. Loved it

Actually, I rate movies based on how enjoyable they are to me. The movie had a nice thrilling story which kept me excited. The special effects and the sound track did not disappoint either. Honestly, the theme was not that philosophic compared to Interstellar, instead, it paid a huge attention to humanity and unity like the Endgame of Avengers. Overall, the movie entertained me for the whole 2 hours. To make it short, I recommend TWE to anyone who is into sci-fi, fantasy, and other genres.

I have finished watching this movie., This movie carries lots of positive things , as it is a Chinese movie , nobody will expect This much quality.... Graphics,Sound, Scenes are plus point of this movie.... Story, Narration, Acting,Lack of thrilling scenes are the negative side, Failed to enhance son-father relationship, is another negative.... I did not get a feeling of watching a Good sci-fi,.. Again appreciating the Quality of the movie, easily comparable with Hollywood...

The tone of the character dialogue is very dull. At the beginning _ I thought I was reading the news, or watching a documentary, or reading the Future Technology Weekly.

No stereotype heros or stupid monsters, just ordinary people doing amazing things with shining humanity. Thought provoking, worth re-watching.

This is the best scientific movie I ever see, I am totally tired of hollowood movies and trust it is time to try something different

Taking the earth together is really shocking..good Chinese sci fi

World-class sci-fi movie, I cannot believe China is now capable of making this epic scenes.

Oh man, if there are Russians in the movie, they will be drinking all the time. Oh and Japanese will make a hokku about miso soup and bowl of rice before comitting seppuku. Dialogues are cheesy, I nearly had a seizure from changing frames. Mike played himself for a comedic relief, duh. And never forget a random smart guy to figure out solutions when there is nothing left to do. If you are coming for a few good laughs you may actually enjoy it

Tbh frank. I was actually very moved by the film. Sure it was teenagers acting for the most part. Sure the plot seems to be an impractical impossibility. Sure the main actor had a huge ego and his sister seemed to cry a little too much. But in the end, I was pleasantly surprised by how much I felt in this movie. i am a stone cold Russian so nothing rarely moves me, but this movie did just that. A well deserved 8/10 from me.

If I had been told China would be making mid-budget sci-fi movies 5-10 years ago I would have laughed. If I had been told Netflix would have made a good movie a week ago, I would have doubted it. Propaganda level seems significantly lower than the new Star Wars. Writing is better too. No fancy camera angles, slightly poor CGI (I could swear there was a frame rate drop at one point in one of the more involved CGI scenes) but no over-arching political message and the plot is fairly solid. Due to (okay) dubbing I had to rewind some scenes to understand what exactly was going on as I took my eyes off the screen but all in all this was a great movie. I had expected some sort of Netflix/Chinese propaganda beast though I watched the full two hours intently. "Woke" western directors might want to pay attention to this one. I can only fault small things. The plot kind of feels like someone hit fast forward but that is expected in a book to movie title. i am 12 minutes off the ending, so I cannot spoil that for you, but everything leading up to it was great Sci-Fi. Hopefully the last 12 minutes and 44 seconds deliver on that too. I would give it a 9.5 out of 10 but it means closer to 10 than 9 so it gets a 10/10. Good movie, worth watching.

For many years I looked forward to one sci-fic movie from Chinese, now it is the first one which quite touched me. i am so proud of this movie, it must be the tuning point of Chinese sci-fic movies. the reasons I love it are not only the vision and theme of its, but also the production procedure.At first most of people do not believe it will be successful , some investor withdrew money on the half way, no famous star was willing to join it. However, the director Guo fan and whole team insisted on and put into all of their energies, many team members worked even without payment. Looking forward to another movie from the novel of Cixin Liu "Three Body".

Trust me,The Wandering Earth will become a milestone in the history of chinese movie

I have discussed this issue with my family although it will happen in 5 billion years. What will we do if the Sun dies? Abandon earth or escape with earth? But like what was said in the movie "No matter where will history lead human to we choose HOPE" This is a great movie. I hope I had watched the movie in IMAX format.



Wandering Earth is an epoch-making sci-fi film in China, beyond a lot of Hollywood blockbusters, innovative, unique angle, for the film science fiction film to carry out another direction, it is worth a look at the film

The very Beginning of Chinese Science Fiction film. Benefiting from Cixin Liu 's grand idea,although the details and texture are still not as good as Intersteller ,It is still an exciting work!

"If you drive unsafe your family will cry", I bet the original Chinese text was far better then this translation, but that is what we have to deal with. In Germany all foreign movies are dubbed into German, terrible, every actor sounds the same and the translation leaves a lot to be desired and that is exactly what they have done with this movie. In stead of doing a decent job the translation is terrible, so with this movie you got the choice, go with the terrible dubbed English language or go for the far more terrible subtitles. So it is possible I watched a masterpiece, but never know because of the translation. For the movie, the cgi is nod bad, not great, but good enough. The actors, well I could not care if they live or die. The action, well, remember "Armageddon", there all the action scenes were great, but made no sense at all so unrealistic were they, TWE is the same, totally unbelievable actions but you should not care one bit of that. About stealing from other movies, it seams this movie has bits of every disaster movie from the last decades in it. Plot holes are also to many to name, if you are sensitive for that you definitely should not watch. Then for the story, I did not see the ending, I saw it on the screen but had far more exciting distractions then to pay attention to that. Bottom line, if you want a brainless flick with much action and cgi, then this movie is for you.

Everything from the dialogue to the acting to the plot is absolutely dumb. Whoever wrote this must have been on some kind of acid trip

When you consider The Matrix, it takes some of the fantastic elements of Asian cinema and incorporates it into a western blockbuster. This movie did the exact opposite, making TWE a total mess. TWE takes the worst of Hollywood and shoves it into a blockbuster in the hope of making it a success. Plastic actors who behave unnaturally, characters who monologue rather than talking to each other, superficial decisions and flashy effects. It is truly the worst of Hollywood. China would have done much better drawing inspiration from films like Final Fantasy where the story is underpinned by meaningful relationships and there is a spirituality to the story, sometimes called Gaia. If China feels the need to copy Hollywood, they should at at least imitate credible directors credible like Christopher Nolan rather than Bruckheimer/Bay/Russo brothers/Favreau. If this movie was US made with US actors, it would probably score 3/10 from most reviewers because of how cheesy and predictable the story is - which is why I scored it 3/10. China would benefit from more Final Fantasy/Seven Samurai and far less Michael Bay.

Cannot cuz i couldnt complete watching it ... yes .. it is this bad .. CGI was amazing .. aside from that .. it is stinky booooring expensive piece of sh### .



This movie may have been a huge hit in China due to local cultural reasons. I watched this on Netflix on my HDTV - and got bored after about an hour. All CGI-generated earthquakes, lots of falling things every few mins - and nothing very thrilling or no build-up at all. No character build-up either - could not relate to any character nothing to grip my attention or make it thrilling or suspenseful. China is attempt at Sci Fi and shedding the martial arts powerhouse image - did not work for me sorry. Prefer going back to good old Ip Man, Donnie, Jackie. Michelle, Zhang Ziyi - that whole crowd which is my favorite



The Wandering Earth has some very impressive visuals, a very unique concept, and some intense action sequences. That being said what makes the movie interesting is it is unique concept of turning the planet into a spaceship that kinda makes it bad. The science of pretty much the whole movie in every scene is so far out there a child would not even believe it. The acting mostly just ok, and the characters have little story behind them. The main two actors get some story throughout but not much. So if you can if you ignore all bad science, characters that feel one dimensional, and acting that feels forced at times but want great eye candy and all the fun of a typical no brainier summer blockbuster this might be for you.



Different view from Hollywood.worth a try. The screen adapt need to be improved, some 3D detail and shader should be better if they invest more money.

Many details could be improved, but it is definitely a breakthrough for Chinese movie. Hope more movies like this will be available in future.

Great movie! It was recommended by my colleagues from other countries (not China). Everyone and every country in this film works together to save the earth. No personal heroism. However, when I take a look at the IMDB rating system for this film, especially those 1 star rating, I found that those person were not totally objective and they hated the film without any convincing reason.



i am so disgusted of news about Dem and GOP fighting each other for every possible things small or big ! This movie show how wonderful it is to be united towards a real big beautiful goal : save the humanity ! Please drop the fights, Dem and GOP ! Do something useful and meaningful together ! I watched 3 times, and still feel inspired. The setting of this movie is based on real science that Sun will eventually burn the earth into hell when it runs out of fuel. The solution is not to wait for a super hero from Hollywood, but to build 10,000 fusion thrusters to push Earth to a new solar system 2.5 light-years away. Extremely innovative! Where-else will you find a lovable planet like our Earth? There is better solution than taking Earth along with billions of people for an interstellar road trip ! i am so tired of recent Hollywood sci-fi movies that has no science backing at all. The super hero movies are all normal drama with sci-fi eye candy. They run out of imaginations! Come on, Hollywood, get some new ideas and learn some science for your next sci-fi movie ! 10 out of 10 for its great imagination and anti-individualism !

It is really fantastic. Wandering in the space with the earth is really romantic.Chinese people make a scientific movie in their own way.And I really loves that . It is worth seeing!

What a terrible mess. The only reason I give it 2 instead of 1 star is due to the nice high budget sets! The plot is a nonsensical mess riddled with holes. The characters are dull. The movie makes no sense. This is hands down the worst movie I have ever experienced in my life. Anyone with just a cardboard education would be at awe by the sheer nonsensical plot they used in the movie. The science makes zero sense. I never expect Sci-Fi movies to be scientifically accurate but to write your own laws of physics regarding every detail is fascinating in it self....

I read Liu Cixin is story and I found it to be very well written and of high quality, so I had high hopes for this movie. Unfortunately, it was totally disappointing, with flat characters, bad acting and confusing CGI.

The only thing that is mildly worthwhile are some of the visuals. Everything else from the premise, to the characters, to the details, to the conflicts is appalling. Even if you accept the fundamental premise, nothing else in the movie follows any sort of internal scientific consistency, which adds yet another layer of annoyance. Even as an airplane movie it is not worth the time. Do not waste your time, unless you have it on in the background with the sound off for visuals while you are doing something else.

Fly the earth to a new solar system? How incredibly stupid of an idea. Without being near a star the all of the plants on the earth would die, the earth would freeze (as in the cold of space) and everything on it would die. That would take less than a year to happen. Any civilization that had the technology to move a planet could build spaceships and fly those to new planets much, much, much easier. And the people might actually survive that trip (guaranteed dead trying to fly a planet through space for 2500 years). So, so, stupid.

The movie is fun and yes it is a joyful CGIfest. You watch it for those moments when you say in disbelief "really they are going to do this?" and then they do it. So yes catch it if you can and have fun, this is not a remotely serious affair.

I love sci-fi movies, but seriously,I have seen better acting on Brazzers...



i am going to keep this straightforward. This movie was boring, predictable and had nothing special about it.

I have a theory about this film. It is not really a film. It is Chinese A.I. test. They showed it few blockbusters and it came up with this thing. It does resemble a movie - it has a premise, things happen ... But it is so mangled that it makes your brain hurt. It is actually the premise that got me interested. It reminded me of Shadow Raiders. It is an old 3-d animation where a beast planet chases and devours other planets for their resources. That is the thing - the chase and the clear-cut conflict distracts you from the ridiculous concept. The Wandering Earth constantly reminds you of it. Among other things whenever the Earth is shown moving through space there is a thick line of gases trailing behind... so now I worry about the atmosphere. What is the point in shifting bunch of dead rocks? However it is the plot that kills the movie. It is tedious, melodramatic and nonsensical, especially toward the end. The cherry on the top is the bad CGI. Some people here claim it looks like 90 is game. All lies. It can easily pass for a PS3 cinematic. It is not all bad though. I like the look of the underground city. Unfortunately we leave it five minutes into the movie and then it is mostly snow, snow and mining trucks. I hate those trucks. I hate how they steer with a giant ball. That is not funny enough. It would have been much funnier if the driver needed to grind two giant balls.



Even the effects are great, the movie never did managed to be engaging to me, because the shallowness of Chinese comedy - turning the heroes into funny idiots - and the stereotype of the ever moaning little helpless girl simply do not fit into western culture of equal rights. The underlying goal of this movie was to provide entertainment for the masses like the Romans did with their philosophy of "bred and games" to keep them quiet, and meanwhile to drive in nationalistic agendas, such as "we only list the nations which did help China and do it in the same order"; also the title and the endsequence promote the philosophy of any disaster being managable by huge governmental interaction - the concept the one Chinese dictator party likes us to believe. By promoting their own agenda, the damage they cause is to turn the masses into obedient sheeple instead of gaining awareness of their own self or the environment - which is the reason why good movies contain dialogues of conflicted characters instead of mere endless action.

I was initially not sure if it was my being distracted by reading subtitles, irreconcilable cultural and ideological differences, or my impatience with grossly unrealistic scifi, but... This film was 12 flavours of "Meh". No, it was not the subtitles - I watch foreign language films frequently, to the point where reading text and matching it to performance is second nature. I dont think it is *just* cultural differences; i am not totally unfamiliar with the Chinese flair for flashy theatricality, and although this approach to cinema is not really my cup of tea, I can set my feelings about big-gesture performances aside and filter this element out of my perception of the film if it has other mitigating qualities. As for the unrealistic nature of this film is central premise, I can file most transgressions of this nature under "fantasy" and focus on the characters, performance and artistry of the film making. Not here, though. Wandering Earth wanders so far from the warm fires of plausibility that it left me cold on the "can I swallow it" front. In synthesis, the parts of this film just do not come together and make a coherent, satisfying whole... Character development was weak, to the point where the gushing sentimentality spurted out about the various trevails and endings of many and varied characters seemed more than somewhat out of place. The plot was illogical, and not only contained implausibilities, but also a small universe of sheer impossibilities, each dressed up as meer dramatic, circumstantial anomolies, or worse, things not at all unusual, shattering my ability to deflect their nonsensical nature into the "fantasy" bucket and ignore them. Pacing was erratic, with time seeming to alternately drag at half pace, only to then hit warp speed to facilitate some more of those physical impossibilities that had me so vexed. The landscape on which this sweeping drama unfolds provided great opportunities for grand and spectacular cinematography and effects, and although the production team did indeed "go big", they also went "wide" of the mark. SFX scenes were often rendered in cartoonish palettes, and texture and detailing sometimes felt out of scale and computer-gamish. Physics felt "off" for many of the moving land vehicles and on-planet weather effects, either over-simple or exaggerated; this is however one of the film is more forgivable flaws, as on the whole "wandering Earth" did look luscious, stylistically coherent and generally detailed and gorgeous. Not a film I can recommend if you are short of time, but not too bad for a rainy day. Watch it and wander through an alternate, possibly more hopeful view of the nature of humanity and our ability to band together and solve the challenges we face as a global civilisation... Oh, and those we will not... ;)



Things happen. Characters run in random directions. Stuff are important somehow, Threats are threatening apparently. Someone whips out a minigun and fires into something for some reason to achieve some goal. Then they lug the last nuke or something in the snow until one of them randomly goes psycho and shoots at it until it is broken. But it is ok because someone has another one which can be used in some way... And someone randomly freezes to death, who? I do not know but it sure is important I guess. At least the music tells me that it is important. . . And i am pretty sure that is a migrane coming in... Or maybe it is another nonearned piece if drama? If the above reads like an incoherent mess, then yes. That is how it felt. And the most infuriating thing about it is that underneath this alohabet soup of a script are some extremely interesting concepts and ideas. Too bad the film has no intention of actually telling a story with it. As a fan of Mythbusters I have followed the podcast called Tested.com. And in it Adam Savage repeatedly mentions The Three Body Problem and other books by that author. Wandering Earth is one of those. And. Well. I sure hope the book is better at exploring these ideas than the film is. Because when your film is less interested in skillful storytelling that the later Transformers films. Then I hope the source has more to offer. In short, it feels like a really good 10 hr Netflix series cut down to a 2 hr runtime. And no thought was spent on what to cut and what to leave in. Just cut whilly nilly at wherever the razor hapoens to land in the bin of short ends. Resulting in something that resembles more like an extended a VFX promo reel or a cheap cutscene of a generic sci fi FPS game. 2 stars out of 10 simply because it was at least in focus for the most part and it didnt put my projector on fire... So it had that going for it, which is nice I guess. ..

The soundtrack reminds me of Interstellar. Nothing else to say.

What a nonsense. Main PRotagonist sucks! You do not know anything about Indonesia here.

This movie was way over hyped. They made such a big deal when Netflix landed it that I had high expectations. The special effects are good. That is about it. The story itself is a bit far fetched and the cheesy over the top voice over work does not do the movie any favors. Maybe in its original language it is a lot better.

But it is not bad enough to make you laugh. Anyway, the only reason i am writing this review to call attention to the visual inconsistencies. Yes the story is bad, physics and logic are raped, and the characters are so forgettable that I had a hard time distinguishing them from each other (yes I did notice the one guy --the brother-- wore a red suit, and the other 3 to 6 or 7 guys wore white, and 1-to 3 had glasses). But the visuals had some promise... The CGI generated frozen Shanghai has a completely different layout from every angle. The Radio Tower in one scene is only covered by ice from about 170°, but when the scout copter flies around it, it is completely frozen all around, except for the top sphere. The Jin Mao Tower is missing or moved across the crevasse. The distance between the Shanghai Tower and Sh. World Finance Center varies hugely in every scene. So the interesting thing is that they did not create a 3D model of their frozen Shanghai and render it from different angles, but for each angle they recreated it (by someone who has no depth perception). (Or maybe it was propaganda to include those buildings in as many scenes as possible?) Similar thing happens with object is Space. Btw, where did the vomit go? i am also comforted by the thought that the flag on the United Earth uniform is the Chinese flag on top of a symbolized green earth with blue background flag.

I had heard about this film through ScreenJunkies and following the box office results. I was curious to see the film. It was ok. It had some interesting ideas and I thought the CGI wasnt too bad...but I mainly take issue with the writing. There was some pretty cringey dialogue in there. And I got annoyed with all the "fakeout" scenes. Like you would put a character in peril only to save them at the last moment, only for them to like 2 minutes later anyway or in some cases it was a second death fakeout. Or you would have characters give up hope only for a couple minutes later to have their hope regained and try again. Those emotions dont impact me if you are gonna change your mind. I also did not particularly like the young girl character. She was super whiny. I thought the rest of the cast was fine. I especially liked the dad character. The movie does rip of HAL 9000. The movie is not very scientifically accurate and it raises questions around the logistics but you can just sort of chalk it up to "Its the future, whatever". The movie isnt supposed to be some serious drama with real science. Its a big dumb blockbuster pic and so in a lot of ways it achieved when it meant to. Overall, it was not the worst way to spend a couple of hours. But, its definitely not a great film either.

Being a fan of Chinese cinematic blockbusters, and hearing that this particular example was one of the biggest box office hits in Chinese history, you can imagine that I was very curious to see this movie. However, after finishing watching it, I was pretty disappointed with what I saw. First, I feel I should point out that not all of the movie is bad. When it comes to technical standards, the movie does indeed have great sets, believable props and costumes, as well as elaborate and convincing special effects. Unfortunately, more time should have been devoted to the script. Though I saw a version of the movie with good subtitles, even then I found a LOT of the story to be very muddled, as if linking footage or entire scenes had been edited out or simply not filmed at all. Even worse in the script department is that the characters do not really stand out in a good manner. At their best, the characters are just stereotypes you will have seen before in movies either from Asia or America. The problems with the script might come from the fact that EIGHT screenwriters are credited - too many cooks often spoil the broth. I admit that the end results are all the same somewhat better than some American blockbusters I have seen... but I have also seen many better American blockbusters. If China should put more effort into the scripts of their movies, someday the American film industry might really be challenged.

Great to see sci-fi movie with proper plot line. The writer is and the director know how to put 2 separate story line without it to entangle together. Although the movie was quite predictable i still enjoyed watching it. The actor was quite stiff in the beginning but as it progress they seem to be build into their character. Nice to see new fresh idea about sci-fi movie. I know this was just a fictional movie but still, if you pull the earth out of the orbit and stopped the rotation it will also reduce or either loses it gravitational pull. Same reason why International Space Station rotate. To create it simulated gravitational pull same concept as earth.

The sun is overheating, so immense motors are installed to stop the Earth from spinning and propel the planet through interstellar space to a new home orbiting Alpha Centauri. To survive the cold of the sunless transit, the population is moved into underground cities, leaving the frozen surface to be mined for fuel for the engines. Problems arise when the plans to use Jupiter is massive gravitational field to help accelerate the planet up to cruising speed go awry. Some of the images, especially when Jupitar fills the sky, are very good but other than that, the film is insipid. The biggest problem is that not enough happens (especially considering a 120 minute plus running time) so much of the film is filler material of trucks racing around on the frozen surface, people climbing around on the space station, etc. The characters are all 2D action-film cut-outs who are neither interesting nor entertaining (note: my opinions are based on an English-dubbed version) and the script is flat and hackneyed. 'The Wandering Earth' is an evocative title but the phrase sounds ridiculous when used by the characters as the name of the project. The 'science' in the 'fiction' is pretty weak: considering the planet is 5 AU from the sun, the surface seems remarkably well illuminated, spaceships bank when they turn and make sounds as they fly, and, while moving planets is a pretty common trope in science fiction, it is generally a ridiculous plot-driver in a 'serious' story (although in the novel "A World Out of Time", Larry Niven proposes a clever method that might not tear the planet apart). I had high expectations for this film and was greatly disappointed.

Finally released on Netflix at the end of April, The Wandering Earth is one of the most ambitious Chinese films ever made. It is a lighthearted, preposterous, fast-paced science fiction that seems to have come from a time when people were not quite sure how space works. No matter. It is the message at the film is heart we are meant to take with us, and boy do we have fun hearing it. Set in a technologically advanced future where all of mankind live at peace with one another and know each other is languages, the movie shows us all coming together to transform the Earth itself into a spaceship to move it away from our solar system and its dying sun. Yes, that is the sort of logic we are dealing with here. If you have a problem with that, stop reading this; there is no use. If you do not, you will most likely have a blast. The film follows two storylines as the Earth is journey through space goes awry a few decades in. One takes place on a navigational space station that guides the Earth, focusing on Chinese astronaut Liu Peiqiang (Wu Jing), his Russian colleague (Arkady Sharogradsky), and supercomputer MOSS, whose multi-national voice is also heard on the Earth and whose resemblance to HAL 9000 is certainly not accidental. The other storyline focuses on Peiqiang is son Qi (Qu Chuxiao) and his adventures on the now frozen Earth, where people lead their lives in underground cities. Qi is joined by his grandfather Han Zi-ang (Ng Mat-ta), adoptive sister Han Doudou (Zhao Jinmai), a Chinese-speaking American named Tim (Mike Sui), and a variety of other characters, all bent on fixing the towering thrusters which are moving the planet through the cosmos. Again, mind the level of realism the movie is going for. It does not mean the characters are not identifiable or involved in fairly exciting action scenes both on land and in space. A lot of people hated this film, but it is so unabashed in its ridiculous concept and nonetheless strong in its sense of adventure and comradery that I kept flipping between 3.5 and 4 as I watched. A majority of the complaints I see are of things The Wandering Earth is quite deliberate and self-aware about. I agree with some of the complaints, however. The digital effects are not always too great (in spite of some pretty beautiful art direction) and there are some olden clichés that are played a little too straight, compared to the rest of the film. Still, the presentation of the visuals has more personality than more well-animated Hollywood movies tend to do (with its grand landscape shots that eventually fly into space, for example), and the movie does pay loving homage to the likes of Total Recall, 2001: A Space Odyssey, and even corny disaster movies like The Day After Tomorrow. There is also an escape scene involving an elevator shaft that reminded me of Poseidon, only I am far more emotionally invested here. The effort and money put into The Wandering Earth have not gone to waste. Unbeknownst to most, it is the third highest-grossing film of 2019, coming in behind Captain Marvel and, of course, Avengers: Endgame. It is truly noteworthy that Chinese cinema can compete with Hollywood in this capacity, and while The Wandering Earth is bogged down by the sort of clichés and explosion porn that Hollywood-style film entails, I can see myself honorably mentioning this on my 2019 list. In spite of all that, it seems American audiences, accustomed to all things Hollywood, are the ones who disliked this movie the most. One critic theorized that, considering the American climate, they may simply not empathize with this film is idea of what "home" is.

The movie is OK. Derivative, as has been mentioned. It is terrible with the English voiceovers... I do not know who they hired, but they are not very good. It is kinda like watching old Speed Racer cartoons. It is much better leaving the Chinese language on, because they are much better actors. Otherwise, the primary plot is so incredibly stupid, scientifically. Do not watch this for any sort of believability.

In this movie,everyone is a hero. Unlike Hollywood,China believes that everyone in every country contributes to saving the world.

Mostly, i have to admit that there some flaws in this movie----some scenes are little bit of old-school chinese style sentimental, the leading actors some times seems to be crude and naive, some scientific rules are ignored (but it is so common in science fiction movies). However, i still choose to give my highest ranking, for its contribution to open a new field in china is movie industry and to show that china is movie industry can make a high quality movie with, which is the most important, chinese culture connotation. Best wishes to chinese movies.

This film is wonderful,although it is not perfect. Go to the cinema, have fun!



The movie is really good, and have to say it is even better than I thought. It is not the same as the book, but it is equally good.

There should be a lot of five CCP brush points, the film is very poor. There are many scientific issues. The characters have no characteristics and the plot is not attractive. The script has major problems. There are no highlights in music, lines, etc.

This movie no doubt has a lot of similarities to Interstellar, which I also love. But I do think this one is superior in execution, for two themes that are not portraited strongly enough in Interstellar: sacrifice and unity. There are so many main characters in this film, and most of them died. The main character who survived in the end did not single-handedly save the day. It was the entire world, across nations and ethnicities, that made the difference. Some flaws are: not very experienced young actors; some script feels awkward; not a lot of non-Chinese main characters. But the film had some funding issues so I guess some of these flaws were caused by that. I see a lot of people blindly defend it because it is made by Chinese, and a lot of people blindly resent it because it is made by Chinese. Those people are the reason why we need this movie. I would give it the same rating no matter what the nationality/ethnicity the main characters are.

You will know it is time when it is. Normally for a movie people would care a lot for critic rating review, but after viewing the film I can literally feel the enormous efforts undertaken by the team and in many ways it is impeccable to their best efforts, people can debate for its weaknesses, everyone has its own view, but it would be lying if this is not a good film, period. This movie alone is without any doubt the best Chinese sci-fi film and mark the entrance of Chinese sci-fi space race.It was not not comparable to Hollywood because simply it carries a lot of Chinese culture that might not fully understood for non-Chinese. But then, it will not matter because Chinese will never beat Hollywood for being more than Hollywood itself but it stands a chance to be the best Chinese film for its own sake and be accepted by the global audience.

To be honest . My expectation about Chinese Sc - fi movie is very very low. But the movie just crash my old view about that. Go to see the movie. You will not be disappointed.

The Wandering Earth(tWE) is without doubt one of the best sci-fi movies I have ever seen, and not just from the Chinese film industry alone, but worldwide. With a budget of merely 340 million CNY(roughly equal to 50 million USD), this sci-fi masterpiece would crush any other sci-fi movie produced within that budget range. Although there were some pretty corny moments throughout the movie, a few pieces of dialogue that was not really well thought out, and occasional awkward acting(this is forgivable in my opinion since the production team did not*** spend a fortune to invite celebrities-whose acting abilities might not have been as good as/if not even worse than the present cast-and opted to focus its funding towards more important sectors, i.e. special effects, props, etc...), I enjoyed tWE from the beginning to the very end. Even though the movie contains some pretty obvious fake physics(just do not question it), and even if the whole movie is dubbed in Chinese(now American sci-fi fans can finally stand in the shoes of foreign language speakers and watch sci-fi films with subtitles in their native tongue just like everybody else), I would definitely recommend this movie to each and every sci-fi lover. This movie is a must watch. [***i am talking about you, Independence Day 2, what a disappointment smh] P.S. The production process of this movie was fraught with many impediments, some of which made it almost impossible for the movie to make its way onto the big screens. One these obstacles was when the movie went over budget several times due to its insatiable requirement for the astronomical amounts of special effects(both physical & digital while also ensure the quality), which in itself is not that big of a problem; however, halfway through production, the original investor(Wanda Films) decided to bail(what a dick move), cutting off all funding and transferring the money to a stupid sequel to some romance movie. This annoying maneuver(dick move) left the production team devastated and penniless, as they had already spent two years planning the movie script and had drawn over 3000 conceptual designs for every single piece of machinery/prop. It would be a pity to just scrap the whole thing, and finding a new film company to fund them would be tough. Just when all hope seemed lost, WuJing, who had just made a fortune off his self directed & starred film "Wolf Warrior 2", decided to step in and provided the much needed "Fire Stone" to save this movie. He was originally invited to be a cameo like character, but then became one of the main characters after his investment. When I first saw the debut trailer, I was kinda worried that this movie would become "Wolf Warrior 3: Save Planet Earth" because of a scene where the astronauts saluted under the Chinese flag. Thankfully, that proved to not be the case. The biggest reason I did not like Wolf Warrior 2 was because it is supposed to be an action adventure movie, not a Chinese red education propaganda like documentary (and trust me we have plenty of those in China, if I wanted to see one of those I would have just watched CCTV news instead lol *just kidding*). To those who have not seen Wolf Warrior 2, it is basically an action movie with the most stereotypical plot/characters I have ever seen(it is kinda special in that way though), and somehow became a smash hit in China, racking up an obscene amount of 5.68 billion CNY, which is roughly equal to 840 million USD. The movie is actually pretty nice if you cut off all parts where you see stereotypical characters and/or the Chinese flag. Oh wait, then the credits will be all that is left. Do not get me wrong, I do not dislike my country. It is just unfitting to see Chinese propaganda everywhere throughout an action adventure movie, especially if it rubs it in your face. FYI: Frank Grillo was the antagonist in WW2. You may know him from "The Purge" series. TL;DR //While this movie, "The Wandering Earth" is a newcomer to the vast universe of science fiction, just as how tWE is the Chinese film industry is ticket to the "space race", it is a must watch in the book of every sci-fi fan and does not fall shy to any other sci-fi epic.//

(Trying really hard not to spoil too much) Absolutely Great, but the caption might be too fast for English speaker. Those who are saying the film telling stuff like China is great can give up that try. The best part of this film is more than just its fast-paced storyline and visual effects, it is the display of different culture and internationalist spirit within it. While such display of different cultural beauties is another reason why most westerners cannot appreciate this film because they are incapable of appreciating any culture other than their own(let alone foreign ones such as Chinese, Japanese or Russian). Within the film the character all speak in their own native languages, the most common ones are Mandarin, Russian, French and English while Japanese, Korean, Indonesian and Hindi were all heard. Unlike the majority of other films(not just sci-fi), the collectivist world view in this film did bring something fresh to the screen: the activation of the torque engine in the later scenes were a collective effort of people with different background and languages; from what that was obviously displayed in the scene there was Chinese, Japanese, Russian and British. In the earlier propulsion engine rescue, it was also an effort by countless rescue teams around the globe who perhaps suffered similar dangers as the Hangzhou rescue team, instead of a few heroes. What made up the best part of this film is perhaps the short yet vivid display of other cultures. For me, there were three non-Chinese scenes that really impressed me, which is Russian, Japanese and Korean. Koreans were only given a short scene that had shown their family value and sacrificing will; it does give Chinese people such as me a form of mental resonance because we both share such nationalistic and traditional Confucian values. The part that portrayed the Japanese culture really well was the part when the Japanese rescue team chose to suicide(not being racist), for those who understand Japanese culture they can see how "the beauty of death" was displayed. As for the depiction of the Russian character, it is even better; the pride, carelessness, idealism and determination(and obsession with alcohol) demonstrated in Makarov is lines simply reflect the very soul of the Russian people who treat life with incredible endurance and uncomprehensible romance. Yet all of this is only to be explored if you have a comprehension of these cultures.

Good science fiction movies, good Chinese movies.I hope there will be more good works like this in the future.

Last night, I spent two hours with family watching this great sifi movie. At the beginning, I was a little bored but after 30 minutes. I do not want to miss a scene. I was amazed by the idea of bring earth with us to escape the solar system. Chinese people does has some creative ideas and imagination. Together with some humor, it is a great enjoyment. Hollywood, watch out, here comes Chinese sifi movie!

Just finished the second-time watching. This film is very different. Not only because it is kind of the very first actual sci-fi film of China, it shows a brand new vision of how human beings will act when the end of the world comes. Trust me, as a girl born in 95s I grew up watching all those sci-fi movies from Hollywood, most of them are about some normal white man suddenly get the responsibility and the human race is future is on his hand. Without him human beings are doomed. However in this film, it is the whole world unite together against the disaster. The main characters are NOT the only ones who are trying to save the day, but with a lot of others no matter what nationalities they have. I see pure harmony and humanity sparkling inside, which makes it so touchable. Besides, the visual effect is amazing, top level of China for sure. The actors and actresses are great. The music is unbelievably suitable for the film. The original book of Mr. Liu Cixin is awesome, too. However, certain scenes deleted due to the time problem makes some part of the story a little confusing. Apart from that it is still a great film. Just like in the story, Earth is entering the new world, this film is a sign of Chinese sci-fi movies entering a new world as well. Good job Mr.Guo, hope to see what is next!

No individualistic heroism, but cosmopolitanism. Nice job 👍

The adaptation was too bad, and the views that I wanted to embody in the original work were not reflected. Wu Jing is participation made this a space war wolf, the lines were embarrassing, and the funny places were very blunt. What is more, if you do not look good on the Internet, you will be attacked by almost all Chinese people. I think this is very bad, and the film should not be kidnapped by the group atmosphere.

For an "official" Chinese movie, I was surprised by the plot showing how decisions of individual characters define the story. Predefined rules are even broken in tense situations with their results invalidating statistical predictions.

While the premise of this movie is absolutely ridiculous, The Wandering Earth does an impeccable job tearing down even the most skeptical hard-core science fiction movie buff. Even for a science-fiction newbie, this movie provides an brilliant visual display inspired by countless other science fiction tiles in the past spanning multiple decades. The writing and character development leaves room for improvement, but any casual moviegoer will likely be unphased by the seemingly rushed development of the main characters. All in all, this movie is visually appealing and the action scenes are thrilling and unique.This movie has very distinct action scenes that set them apart from one another which allow the viewer to remain steadily engaged in the story. When there is this much action in the movie, you might not even care that some of characters can seem a bit one-dimensional.

I rate this film with a high score not because the movie itself is THAT good, which has evident drawbacks in the story on the contrary, but it will bring about fundamental changes to the film industry of China, leading people is taste of movies to a higher level without tolerating the current bulls**t given to them nowadays in China.

Not bad ,really start the new chapter of chinese sifi movie.good luck!

Idea is good and it shows China is proposal (we are the same human living in the same global community, working together and multi polars, on the contrary to hegemony and imperialism)

Twenty-five hundred years ago the story of "The Foolish Man Removes the Mountains" was first recorded in text; today the same culture that the very folklore I would from bred another modern epic of how people would solve a larger-scale problem in twenty-five hundred years with the inheritance of the very essence oof that mythology. A unique annotation on heroism - while maintaining the almost "Classically Hollywood" sense of bravery in films, a dose of, less advertised, collectivism is highlighted throughout the two hours. The idea of cohesion and a somewhat reduced emphasis on individualistic significance made the overall storytelling only more alluring. The attempt of breaking the status quo of having just one sole hero is rather precious and even unheard of with the abundance of superhero movies ravaging the theatres nowadays. An exceptional film and hopefully the dawn of the rise of a new power in the movie industry.



Worth for the title of milestone of Chinese sci-fi movies. Heavy sci-fi background, genuine people (not heroics) story, tear point(some do not like it, but I buy it) well put together. Worth a look and prob review. English titles ... right, I know it is a bit hard for non-mandarin speaking people. Trust me, I felt the same when I was watching English movies with Chinese titles since 20+ years ago. Live with it and get use to it, or else we could have missed masterpieces.

No Hollywood super heroes, only a touching sci-fiction movie! So great. Definitely worth watching.

It is a great movie. What impresses me most is that we can see the whole world join in this action. Though it is made in China, the whole world joins in this action. We can see Japan, U.S., Korea, Russia, and so many else. Even when Liu Peiqiang trys to get in the control, we can find other astronauts try to get in, and there are three engine light up at once. It means that the whole world joins in this rescue. Someone says that Liu is the hero just because the camera is near him. It is quite true. This is a new story. Nobody is alone, everyone is united.

If the above two conditions are met, you will be in for a treat. Visually stunning with a plot which at times requires some intellect, but never leave the audience feeling dumb. And finally, no do not have to be Chinese to enjoy the movie.



In theory, this should be China is first sci-fi film.Meanwhile,I believe as Chinese people, they will be excited to see this film. The Chinese have never tried anything like this in the past. This film deserves encouragement.Nevertheless, there are also some regrets about the film, which could have done better. The obvious problem comes from some action scenes in the film. For example, the characters escaped in the elevator section, this section of the editing is really a bit bad, the tension of the atmosphere is not well shaped. Some of the actors'lines and motives can also be modified. If these minor problems are removed, the whole film is excellent. It is said that the director is a young man with insufficient experience. After all, the city of Rome was not built in a day, I think it is understandable. In a word, I hope Chinese movies can be better. I like Chinese movies very much.

It is the first REAL sci-fi movie of China. You can feel the Chinese idea - any action must be approved by UN



I am a fan of Liu cixin.Although this film is different from the original novel, it still conforms to the style of Liu cixin is novels.The film reflects a different Chinese culture from the west, which makes it very different from Hollywood in his narrative style.I believe this film can help foreigners understand Chinese culture.



The film was not perfect, but it was very touching after watching it. There are several points. First of all, Movie turned the Earth into a huge spaceship that could carry 3.5 billion people to the new world. And what about the movie Farewell Atlantis? How many people have been rescued around the world? Secondly, tens of thousands of teams be ordered to rescued about 2,000 burning planet engines. In the movie, this is called "Saturated Rescue". And finally, the hero and his team did nothing. In the past Hollywood movies, hero always hero, hero can do anything. The last, the great spirit of sacrifice. Sacrifices are everywhere in movies. This may not be politically correct, but if one day the human being face the danger of extinction? someone must come out, for human being.

I cried from beginning to the end. what more do you want

The 1st chinese science fiction movie,showing the most romantic idea to escape I have ever seen. The unity of human being is a great difference between it and other movies,which often show us the idividual heroism.

Pretty decent. There are some flaws but it did include some maverick perspectives.

The movie is fantastic,way beyond a novel fan is imagination. I had enough the Hollywood style of superhero kick ass and save the world again again and again... if there is any thing I miss that apart from the novel, it is that 5000 frozen bodies towards the sun... it is not possible to keep human beings being rational. BTW, for the director is original intention, that should not only two men awake to get the control center in space station, many people are doing this together, but the movie suffered so much short funding, so have to cut that off

First of its kind: take earth and family to escape from disaster, not just a few superheros

Unbelievable,the idea is good, human work together save our planet ! The CG effect is awesome.

I have seen the Netflix version and the translation is awful... There are jokes that you cannot get if you have not grown up in China And for those that call us bots, seriously?? You cannot judge something that you are not able to understand, otherwise, I can just say Marvel movies are the real cliche :) because I really do not get those superhero stuff, I mean, they are ok, but more than half century? I was going to give it a 8, but those american bots changed my mind.





To be honest, I did not have much expectation going into this and wanted to see what this new wave of Chinese movies has to offer and once again was a bit disappointed just like I was with Operation Red Sea. In short, I think this would only appeal to Chinese audience and/or someone used to the style of movies produced by the Chinese directors, but I feel this needs to be elaborated a bit more. The Wondering Earth is essentially a sci-fi space action movie reminiscent of films like Armageddon and Deep Impact where some sort of a disaster threatens Earth in some way. China took it up a level of course and decided to include a few highly unrealistic scenarios such as a suddenly expanding sun (which in some sense they link to the idea of climate change, which to me is almost a political statement rather than something scientific) threatens everyone on Earth. Solution? Relocate Earth - this is what you should have gotten from the basic movie description and the trailer as well. And it is pretty much what the movie is about. Except of course it is filled with absolutely ludicrous plot twists, horrible science confusing timeline and - this is actually why I really did not like the movie - jerky, hectic action scenes that are very hard to follow. On top of that, all of the action in the movie is absolutely not necessary and does not add to any of the plot progression and pretty much every death in the film was completely unnecessary. If this was not enough, The Wondering Earth is full of character and racial stereotypes and a lot of political pro-China statements that some people may find offensive. Overall, this movie is maybe fun to watch with a group of friends over a few beers to laugh at the ridiculousness of the premise and how it is executed - especially the final resolution that "saves the Earth". But anyone genuinely interested in good sci-fi based on at least somewhat realistic science (think The Expanse) - do yourself a favor and save 2 hours of your life - it is totally NOT worth it.

i am a major scifi novel consumer. So i am almost always disappointed by the scifi movies that make it to the big screen. This was an awesome surprise. Truly epic. Do more of this China!

First of all, congrats to the Chinese movie industry for such a great break through. Chinese movies have never come to spot light becuase the bad quality. Never have I ever seem such realistic special effect in a Chinese movie. Moreover, compared to Geostorm, the plot is way more consistent; the acting of the characters are way more sensational. There are a few flaws inthe movie: the sound effect is unrealistic sometimes; the some scenes are irrelevant; and the ending is very vague. I really want to explain further, but I do not wanna spoil the movie. I saw some other comments say that the movie is a complete bs when it comes to physics and chemistry. These comments are accurate, but I just wanna say that none of the sci-Fi blockbusters are actually scientifically approved, not 2012, not Skyscaper, not Star Wars. We watch movie not because we want to prove how smart we are; it is just for entertainment. Other people say that it is Chinese government propaganda. Well, how is uniting the world to save the earth from disastrous result a propaganda? How is saving the world as a team a sign of nationalism? In the movie, I have never seen anything that specifically promotes the greatness of Communism or the Chinese government. Maybe they should argue with them original book author, not the movie producer. If you have read them, just ignore these trolling comments with third world logics. Haters are gonna hate. This movie is not flawless, but for me, it is the best sci-Fi movie Asian countries has made.

It is the best si-fi movie. The soul of a si-fi movie should be its imagination, and how it constructs the world/ the human/ the technological/ the university. This movie has the best story background that no west movie even imagined before. There are old Chinese stories about ancient people to move a mountain or to fill up the sea, in order to change their fates. And in this movie, they are moving the earth!

In the review,some Chinese vote this film very low point,because they are directed by others.Others will take money for this Chinese.This Chinese always review like "balanced" and other words.This review look like not have a little logic.So,do not be misled by this no logic review.

Dont think science,just enjoy, this was a fantastic chinese film , though we have seen a lot of it before it is great visual and digital effects and some superb imaginative fantasies, a not to forget, a silent bang in space,heir heir, that never happens in the hollywood space,were it bangs infinity in and out ,vacuum is kabuum anyhow and anywhere in those circuits.. the grumpy old man only regrets that he didnt see this on the large screen. well recommended.



I think based on your fluency in Mandarin i.e. how dependent you would be on English subtitles, and whether you have previously watched movies or tv shows from China, your experience can be very different from someone else who has watched this film. For those who are native Mandarin speakers with no difficulty listening and speaking Mandarin, I assume you might have also watched other Chinese films or TV shows. Personally, I fall into this bucket and I think I am less impressed with the plot of the movie but more with how far China is sci-fi technology has advanced. I think even in China, there are few Chinese sci-fi films that are well-known and a possible restraining factor is sci-fi film technology. However, this film definitely proves otherwise. The visual and special effects are stunning and my only regret is not watching this in IMAX. The overarching plot is novel but definitely offset by various cliche scenes throughout the movie. The choice of words is cheesy and typical of what you would expect Chinese films to have. For example, the sacrifices by the older generation for the protection of the younger generation is a plot I see all the time in Chinese films and tv shows. The catchy 4-letter Chinese sayings that comes up each time the truck is started are also very commonly seen and heard both in China in real life and on Chinese commercials. For anyone who might be less fluent in Mandarin and who might need to refer to the English subtitles, not surprisingly, I think some of the enjoyment of the film got lost in translation. Using the catchy 4-letter Chinese saying again as an example, I think the rhyme and rhythm of the slogan is lost in translation and the word play and puns are also lost. I will not be surprised if you do not find yourself sharing the same emotions as native Mandarin speakers at certain points in time.

Even though I saw this film in China, which was far shorter from the director is original cut, I have to say, this was the best Sci-Fi movie that Chinese Film Industry yet to produce. Storyline aside, since I read the books to my niece and nephew a long time ago, what I did not expect were all these attentions to details in this age of money-driven or "buzz-driven" movie industry. There was definitely no "lead actor" in my mind when watching this movie, but everyone is story was equally touching and moving. People sacrificed themselves, their family members, their memories in preserving the hope for entire humanity is survival, and the emphasis on HOPE is far more important than the idea of personalized heroes being idolized throughout the world. It might be the socialism in me talking, but it is far more crucial for people to get the idea that, there are always something greater than themselves. If rated by performance of the actors, I would probably give it a six star, and if rated by these special effects, especially comparing those made by Hollywood Studios, I would give this film no more than eight star, but over all, with all the ideology and the significance of this film combined, I gave it ten, because this could be the beginning of an entirely new era for Chinese Sci-Fi movie. 100% worthwhile, and I hate that I did not have an IMAX around me to go to, please definitely go to IMAX if there is a chance, totally not gonna disappoint you!

Various media have been calling the movie "a milestone", and it truly deserves the title. To be honest, I would doubted about the movie before I walked into the theater, because rarely had Chinese sci-fi, which were mostly comedies without any sense of science, satisfied me. But everything was beyond my imagination after the lights went out and movie started. The movie is undoubtedly of high completeness, whether in its plot or visual effects. The latter is especially fantastic: They are so natural, so real and extremely magnificent, when these Chinese landmarks are frozen in ice all over the screen, just like what has been done for years to those in New York, Paris or elsewhere. But what impresses me most are the moving moments. Some may think the movie is excessively emotional and lacks a scientific temperament, but I would rather believe this creates a contrast between the ruthless natural law and the human nature, which I see as the distinct feature of humans from other creatures. What determines a human to be a human is his or her high-level desire apart from basic needs like food, water or reproduction. One of the starring actor, Wu Jing, has been criticized by many for national chauvinism featured in his former movie "Wolf Warrior 2", but that should not be the reason not to watch this one. In fact, the film is one of the best ones expressing internationalism. The film is the best Chinese sci-fi movie that ever exists, and I bet it is no worse than some Hollywood ones too.

I recommend it. It is a new milestone of Chinese film industry.

Based on a good novel, this movie is absolutely amazing for the Chinese sci-fiction movie fans. Maybe it is different from the hollywood style and occidental values, but the difference is the critical fascinating factor for Chinese audience.

Just watched and I am surprised about the imagination. Unlike other Hollywood movie, people leave earth to search new plant but take our land with us. Either not like other super hero movie , everyone here is hero. It is worth to spend your money to the cinema.

This moving really has left me a great impression by the whole scene that earth moves through the universe by various advanced facilities. It is so authentic and astonishing. Incidentally, the soundtrack is so amazing. It is composed by Chinese well-known composer, A Kun. He used many elements of electronic music to produce a sense of future.

The most successful Chinese Sifi movie. Not like Hollywood super hero movies, this movie shows the spirit of the whole mankind. Some plots seem a little bit beyond understanding, but overall story is pretty beautiful. The visual effect is too good to believe it was done by Chinese team. A one of a kind movie for sure.

Great CGI. Great plot. Interesting setting. Wish they can improve more on explaining all those scientific theories in the dialogue.

Saw it and was amazed by the quality of the special effects. The acting is somewhat over the top and expressions of emotions were weird but that may be simply a difficulty in translating culture idioms from one country to another. The whole family interaction left me cold and the daughter was rather too whiny. I got lost halfway with who was related to who. But the action and suspense kept me wondering what would happen and on the edge of my seat. The science of moving a planet and the logic behind it is laughable, but they at least explain the physics of what they are trying to do, something American Sci-fi with a comparable budget never does. i am willing to accept the suspension of disbelief because there is a clear effort to think through the premise and the consequences of the premise even if the science is wrong.

Probably the highest CGI-budget-to-scientific-implausibility ratio in movie history, this film literally pummels you with special effects footage until you basically have to leave the theater or turn it off. Half the movie is just shot after shot of rocks and blocks of ice falling on speeding earth-movers. It never lets up. The acting actually is not all that terrible, except for the token non-Chinese character who is used as comic relief. As for the music, at least you can turn that down. That said, we have to accept that the Chinese did not come up with this style of film-making themselves, they got it from Hollywood, and I have to assume they took all the worst aspects of it because that is what Chinese moviegoers want to see - or at least that is what they think they want to see. As the Chinese movie industry is capabilities mature and their talents are developed, they will produce fewer movies like this and more that are genuinely good, if not great. They obviously have enough money to spend on them.



It is fun One guy said the science was made up WHO CARES? it was an enjoyable movie Sometimes a movie is just a movie for watching and does not have to change your life



Although I am a Chinese, I had lost confidence in the Chinese science fiction film market before I saw the film because of the lack of special effects in computer production in China. And the Chinese film market is just: false, big and empty! But to my surprise, the film is so wonderful! It can be said that it has brought the level of Chinese science fiction film to a new level, it must be praised👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🇨🇳

The best Chinese sci-fi movie I ever seen, for years people says that Chinese have zero imagination and lack of originality on sci-fi genre. This movie can prove them wrong!

Applaudable graphics with depressing storyline, logic, dialogue, basically everything else. If you need ideas for a design project, this movie may be able to help you. Otherwise, you might be like me, walking out of the theater after two hours, not only mad at the fact that you have just wasted your time but also angry at the ignorance and arrogance of the director and producers of the film.

A painful movie from start to end, "The Wandering Earth" does nothing but wander without ever arriving anywhere. The budget went into the special effects, which were fairly incredible, and not into the script.



Too much gimmickry, ridiculous story, bad actors, 2 stars for the nice try.

The movie does not deserve much more than a seven, but it has very touching. That use such as family, and teamwork it is a step in the right direction for chinese holly wood

It is one of my best Chinese film, as it contained many kinds of educational knowledge, like it was filmed in Qingdao, and many environmental problems needs to be beware, it touched my heart terribly. Very touching!

Definitely worth the price. One of the best scifi movies this year.

This would have been an achievement in cinema... If it was released 20 years ago. For people in China it would be fresh but for the rest of the world they have seen this movie a billion times already in literally every Hollywood sci-fi released in that time period.



Honestly, I will give this movie 5 stars. But because too many nonobjective reviews that give this movie 10 stars which is means perfect?! I do not think it is a good example to teach to next generation. Sorry I have to give 1 stars just to make balance the rating into the real one, the one that it suppose to be. But actually not only that, the best value of this movie it self is the CGI. I admit the CGI is absolutely fantastic and brilliant. But for a perfect movie, CGI only is not enough. The story, the actress, the sound, the video technique, and the meaning of the movie it self needs to be perfect. That is why this movie is far from prefect, it is to arrogant and ignorant to give this movie 10 stars. This movie genre is Sci-fi, which mean there is Science in it. But unfortunately there is to much unscientific plot that happen in this movie. If this movie genre changed into fantasy fiction, then I can agree. About lesson or meaning. Come on, this movie support thievery that the main character did. Then there is too much selfish act that sacrifice others just for 1 selfish perspective only. I do not want to spoiler the movie, but if you are wise enough, you can understand what I mean if you watch this movie. So bad rating is actually base on the objective situation on the movie too. I hope the 10 stars givers in this movie reviewers can learn and think again, try to act wise please.

I am a deeply hurt, damaged and insulted man after watching this garbage. The acting hurt my eyes, the science my brain and the plot hurt everything else in me. i am never ever going to watch a Chinese movie again in my entire life.

Noboday on earth is qualified to criticized chinese. or u will got chinese rating lol

Movie is good.Movie is good.Movie is good.Movie is good.

The plot makes little sence. The main story looks like a 5 yearold wrote it. It has the same cast that is in every movie to come out of China the main group then the three stooges. The acting is terrable the script is worce. Thr visuals are stunning but that is it. Mega predicable deaths as usual. Defo 2 out of 10 do not waste ur time

The story is amazing compare to Hollywood. Group story is much more grandeur then one or two heros.

It is not perfect comparing to 100 years of filming scifi Hollywood but it is a miletone like 2001 space movie for China, point the correct direction for china and world film industry, taking risk, make film not just aiming for benefits, not to pay 80% budget to some cheSsy but net popular celebrities. all the negative votes on purpose, because policial view, china haters, out of jealousy, vote not purely base on the movie make me laugh. this is my first review ever, saying im bought by the director who dont even have money to pay the actors, hardly make movie out because no one dare to take the risk to invest, amuse me. say im a bot and make u like a fool it is 7.2 to 7.6 movie, give it 10 because those haters rated 1, r u kidding me?

It is the best Sci-fi movie from China and the story is geniually different from western perspective. cannot wait to see more of Liu is movie adopted onto the screen.



There is a problem with the plot Comments are better than movies There is a problem with the plot Comments are better than movies

This is the first Chinese film that I feel can fight against Hollywood. Although the gap cannot be ignored, it is already a good start.

I just saw this in Netflix. Wow this is the most original Scifi movie to date. Some people might say it is not original, but considering that there are movies about almost everything in life, this Chinese movie can be considered to be original. In other words, no Hollywood movie has ever thought of moving the earth from its orbit. So it is unique and original. About the acting part, some say it does not have strong characters. But perhaps it is just a difference in culture. Westerners do not get them, but Asian people get them. If only the characters speak English, then the viewers would have given a higher score. So low score is due to racism and not movie quality. After I watch the movie, I just realized that the events and story line is quite logical. Event the artificial gravity due to outward rotation is scientifically logical and possible. It does have some intense moments. But it does not has irrational near-death situation which most Hollywood action movies have. Every time a character is in danger, he/she can escape it logically. Although some might not. Whereas in Hollywood movies, the protagonist will always survive any danger thrown upon him/her. This stupid idea does not happen in this movie. So it is great in that logical aspect! The CGI is of course spectacular. They surely put huge budget on it. So watch this movie if you want to have some fun. Do not watch it if you expect a mello-dramatic movie which haters expected it to be.





This is one of the greatest sci-fi movies I have seen! Honest speaking, the preview of the movie is not that good, as it did not do a good job showing the story line and background. But please do not miss this movie because of the bad preview. The "amazing" is for the picture and effects of the movie. It is absolutely beautiful! The "different" is the for the story. Normally, you would see in the movie that human leave our mother earth, and you do not see other people trying to achieve what the main characters are doing, and you neither would not see an escaping/rebuilding plan last for 10 generations. But in this movie, thanks to the rich and long Chinese culture, the story in the movie is so unique. Go see the movie because you will not regret it!







I read Liu is work before and to be honest, I love them. At first, i was really expecting to watch the first one remarkable Chinese scientific movie. However, this movie at last disgusts me. And i feel like that i just eat a disgusting pizza. The only reason is that i feel like im watching a Chinese version of Interstellar. When they separated at the begin of movie, grandpa, dad, kids. Also, the conflict relation between kids and father and at the end of the movie they solved their problem just like Interstellar. The shape of sleeping machine is identical. I watched thousands of movies, this one disgusts me. Disappointed and disgusted.

I really love the idea of this movie. very different from hollywood stories. I wish CHINA made more movies like this. It is really does not matter of which famous movie star, the really good stroies and amazing pictures matters!!!! Go CHINA!!! GO GO GO!

This movie is the best Sci-fi movie I have ever seen. The saver of the earth was not a super hero or any special team in this movie, instead, the whole human being save themselves in this movie. This kind of story brings me new feeling after watching hundreds of films which have similar stories. ( Not spoiler! ) Here is the similar story I always see in a regular movie: The main character with his unprofessional team save the world. Some characters die, and the main character survives for the final big boom. After all these, the main character kisses his girl friend. This film does bring me some thing new!

Oh, it is excellent! The acting, and the plot! Yes, I will tell the everyone that I am very satisfied with it!

Really a fantastic movie! The imaginative idea and the vision effect are both very great!



Never seen a sci-fi film that escape with the earth.So cool.Even among the sci-fi films of the whole world,the film is still incredible.cannot wait to see it again.

It is a quite diffrent style...... Without a superhero to save your ass. There is no boat to send elites away. Just paid 3.5 billion lives for running away...... with our homeland.

Go to the cinema before you leave low ratings. Not one hero who saving the world, many people in the world are saving the earth.

It is very amazing sci-fi film, and I love it very much.



Love this film and this is a great Chinese new year gift for me

I have read the wandering earth novel before, this movie is only a small part of the story. However, the part of the story is really touch, finding hope in a desparate world without any super hero shows the dark side of this world. Back to the movie, from the visual effect and storyline, it is touching and attractive.. But, I guess because the budget was all used on the filming/ visual effect/models, the actor performance are really not A+. In the end, I like the story and I wish there are some more sci-fi in this kind going to the market in the future, so I give 9 points to this movie.



Indeed! So great for the first Chinese Sci-Fi movie.

Even though the main story line only derived from about 1,000 words in the original book, the director and special effect crew did a fantastic job depicting the post-apocalyptic world.

Impressive imagination. Do not miss. The special effects are great.From time to time, the movie implies that people all over the world are trying to save the earth, not just a few heroes, which is very different from Hollywood movies.

I would give the movie a total score of 9. There is 8 for the roller-coaster ride of the film, extra 0.5 for being a blockbuster film on grandeur space scene and no alien or superhero fighting, extra 0.5 for the beloved sci-fi author Liu Cixin to encouraging more adaption of his wonderful books into movies. Yes the film has its flaws regarding the acting, pacing and the weird dying talk from sacrificed characters. But hey, regardless of the minor issues , the overall film is a wonderful roller-coaster ride that is fast paced, visually spectacular, with a set-up bigger than any sci-fi film I have seen in a long long time. I had a good two hour of thrill that is worth the time and IMAX ticket. There is another discussion on /movie that gave a lot of details I missed in the viewing owning to the extreme fast pace of the movie, so I think there are explanation on why things happens that I did not catch (the subtitle is fast). I have read Liu Cixin is Three body problem series, and he is such a meticulous writer and usually back up anything he writes with solid foundation, so I am not so bugged by the details and will take whatever explanation they give for granted. I am not the type of person looking for a explanation for all the sci-fi details anyway. What I enjoy most of the ride is that the movie plot showed a great spirit and endeavor. The movie is propelled with one failure after another, and human race (not one individual) just need to try harder and harder each time. until the spectacular final act. There are so many time I though that this is the goal of the movie but the characters just failed to achieve in time and caused death of millions of people, and so many times I felt the fringe of success but everything they did ended up in vain. There are quite some sentimental moment and I felt a roller-coaster ride is a great description of the viewing experience. However, though its likely to be moved by human endeavor as a whole, It is quit unlikely that you will be attached to a singular character. Personally I think this is quite a intention and a feature in a lot of the author is work, where the characters are simply functional ordinary people that drive the story forward, but the human race is the main subject of discussion. So its very common for the characters to come and go, and even the main ones are not so heroic and center to the success of the rescue. So do not try to follow the characters, just go with the main plot. I think if you enjoyed films such as 2012, the day after tmr, you would like this one. If you like huge space scene and wild imagination, you would like this one. This is a film that meet every expectation for being blockbuster with some unique perspective that are fresh and different. This is not for people who is looking for serious mentally challenges sci-fi films or films that focus on personal endeavor and growth.

This is what we need and what we want.hope can see more movies from Liu in the future

Pretty good idea and quite different concept as usual hollowood movies. Considering its budget is only 1/10 of the hollowood movies, the quality is extraordinary

As a movie fan who almost never drop tears in the theater, for several times, I have to hold my tears very hard, for both the grand narrative about earth is future and every character is fate and choice under this end-of-the-world scenario. While it has some minor flaws (in terms of physics), the plot, based on the novel of the same name by LIU Cixin, is near perfection. Really looking forward to more good Chinese Sci-fi movies, especially on "Three-body" adaptations!

The film is the first hardcore science fiction film in Chinese history,The original author Liu wrote The three-body problem,And won a Hugo for it,i am really looking forward to the next performance of Chinese science fiction.

In this movie, not a country but a world to safe the human.It is a true sense of Internationlism!!

..and not only writers. every people with a bit of physics knowledge is crying. jules verne burned its "from earth to moon" manuscript, due its superior technology description. but nooo... this movie is describing something...something really incredible!

For all people that does not get this movie, i think they are just a bunch of babies that never raised and loved by their mother or father and especially their grandpa or grandma. This movie works for me as a male asian audience. And i cried a lot in many scenes. I missed my family more.



The Wandering Earth is a Chinese science-fiction blockbuster based upon the critically acclaimed novella of the same name by award-winning author Liu Cixin. The movie convinces with stunning visual and sound effects that bring a dystopian world to live. The action sequences are intense. The acting performances are solid enough to make you care about the fates of the characters until the spectacular ending. Imagine a revamped mixture of Armageddon and The Day After Tomorrow with all the contemporary aesthetics and you know what you will get from this film. The movie tells the story of a dying sun that endangers our planet to a point that it needs to be moved out of the Solar System and to the Alpha Centauri system with giant thrusters running on fusion power. The film follows a family consisting of an experienced grandfather who has worked as a trucker on the planet is frozen surface, an absent father who works as an astronaut on an international space station, a rebellious son who is sick and tired of living in the underground and his naive adopted sister who dreams of discovering the world. The son and his adopted sister try to escape from the underground and are being followed by the grandfather who wants to save them while the father has to make sure the planet is voyage progresses smoothily. As Jupiter is gravity attracts the wandering planet which could lead to a fatal disintegration that would annihilate mankind, the four protagonists are suddenly in the middle of a desperate rescue mission. The only issue I have with this movie is the story itself. This is not a science-fiction story because the scientific part is so unrealistic that this can basically be categorized as a fantasy movie. It is hard to fully get into the story and appreciate the film because the plot is nonsensical to a point that it almost becomes ridiculous. That is obviously not exactly the fault of the filmmakers but of the source material and one has to wonder why such an unrealistic novella has achieved so much critical acclaim. If you are ready to ignore the fact that the plot does not make any sense whatsoever, you can appreciate visually stunning popcorn cinema of epic proportions for two entertaining hours. However, the movie is slightly overrated and there are even better contemporary Chinese science-fiction movies like the gripping Reset that recalls elements of the film Looper.

Chinese directors can shoot such a hard sci-fi, seeing such completion, thinking about excitement, can forgive everyone for imperfections! It is naturally untenable to say that this movie is the first year of Chinese science fiction movies. After all, China has already taken a lot of soft science fiction, but said that "Wandering Earth" is the first milestone of Chinese hard science fiction movies, or Chinese hard science fiction. In the first year of the movie, this is irrefutable for anyone. Its industrialization is absolutely unprecedented in the country. It is a movie that can be loaded into the history of Chinese cinema! In fact, the Chinese audience is no stranger to this type of hard science fiction. It is just that the domestic industrial base of such hard science fiction production has not been filmed. It may also be because the Chinese do not have such cultural self-confidence and cannot find China is unique cultural context. I do not believe that Chinese people can save the planet and save the world. To this day, finally, the director has done this thing, and he has done a very good job. He has set a high industry benchmark for China is hard science fiction, and saves all human beings in the Chinese cultural context. The same can be taken without any sense of violation, the same explosion!

Special effects is cheap i dont know what do they want to show me?just saw some people keep walking and inexplicable taking always.

Great movie. No violent villain needed which felt so fresh and original. The story was deep, entertaining and had layers. The characters are likeable but the dubbing really hurt the script. Maybe in the original language it is better. Best scifi of 2019 by far. The cons: Dubbed & CGI is dated. Still a great movie, good entertainment.

'The Wandering Earth' is the result of a unique idea masterfully executed. Written, directed and produced by Frant Gwo, his vision materialized into an awesome action adventure drama. From the opening scene to the final scene, the film grips you and never lets go. There never really is a dull moment and the action and excitement never ceases. The visuals are incredible and the set designs impressive. The stunning score is a perfect accompaniment to this spectacular film. I enjoyed the characters, and was well acted by a reasonably young cast. 'The Wandering Earth' is gripping, action-packed and fast paced and contains (in my opinion) elements of 'Interstellar', '2001: A Space Odyssey', 'Armageddon', and a bit of 'Gravity'.

The movie has hardly anything to do with the novel by Cixin Liu. Confusing and boring action scenes, some computer gimmics. The movie is a kind of poor remake of Armaggedon. The computer controlling the space station is also a very poor copy of HAL in 2001 a Space Odyssey. Of course all the heroes saving the Earth are Chinese... all their actions are accompanied by epic music. The novel by Cixin Liu is light years better than this catastrophically bad movie.



This is a movie without a soul, a movie which lacks any emotion due to the context of the scenes and the way the movies story plays out. In a nutshell, it is a typical hollywood movie with father son issues and save that world kind of script. Can watch it once, especially that it is on Netflix and you are not really paying anything extra to watch it.

If you have watched any Vintage Sci-Fi, many of the ideas were totally outrageous, with no regard for physics or, in some cases, common sense. But, they were still a blast to watch and parts of those movies still stick in your mind decades later. This is that type of film. Yes, strapping rocket boosters to the planet to drive it out of the solar system is totally unrealistic. If you want to pick apart the science part of this movie, you will have a pretty easy go if it, but overall it was pretty well done and had an enjoyable story line, and a pretty original plot.

China is first Sci-Fi effort is a mix. It has some pretty good sets, and graphics that look a lot like 2001 with some Hal tossed in. It has good looking international actors earnestly doing their best with a bad script and an unintelligible plot. In this plot there is something about the dying sun, and propelling earth out of orbit to try something with Jupiter. There is also a rescue unit that seems needing rescue itself. And a daddy and a tent and his kid who grows up to be a genius who cannot drive, but daddy is back to help after 17 years on the space station just in the nick of time. No tent though. And Error 425 seems ominous. And, it is the first day of the Chinese New Year which daddy is emotional about, so the the United Earth Govt guy speaks to him with a soothing French voice, but he is still on his own. There are heroics, self-sacrifice, and scenes of compassion along with frustration. Never fear: I did not give the plot away because there is not a clear one, but also there is an ending that kind of works. In fact ppl slamming the film maybe did not watch it...to the end...which is not the end. So I have seen worse, and nothing would surprise me about the Chinese, who produce good movies and drama series. They will pull off a great Sci-Fi movie after they figure out what story they really want to tell.



Another great example of how the asian market interprets Western films, and puts their own view on them. A lot of Chinese money went into a Chinese film (instead of most US ones, for a change....) I loved the wonderful rousing speeches (there were many) which felt like Braveheart x 10,344. Then the guy with big machine gun gets angry - he roars and fires the machine gun pointlessly in random directions. The bit where the "machine" isnt working properly (its needed to save the world, need I say more) so the untested young guy does (guess what), he "goes out there", "alone" - to shouts of "you cant do that, it impossible!" coming from behind him. The dad on the space station gets justifiably angry with"the computer" and destroys stuff (a comment against authority which is weird in a chinese film, I think). The young girl who grieves seemingly endlessly (and very asiany)when her grandad dies (get over it love). Plus the usual exclamations of weirdness and strangely-emphasised syllables in all the appropriate places. The "strained relationship" that exists between the dad and son (which presumably rectifies, I really lost interest by this point). I really only watched for the effects - 95% of which were stunning, and the rest were really, really bad. If you loved Armageddon and bad Aerosmith theme songs, you will LOVE this gem. At some point in the future it will become a revered piece lost in translation, up there with Samurai Cop or The room. Worth a watch if you dont mind having your eyeballs burned out of your skull.

The brother-sister element in this film was absolutely horrific. They could have left the family dynamic out of the film OR limited it to the father and son. Instead, they included grandpa and a whiny sister. The sister is never ending whining and screeching burned a hole through my head. I have only seen writing this bad in such a bold film since Star Wars: The Last Jedi. This is unfortunate because the premise has so much potential. I enjoyed the sets and the large scale props. The brooding brother, whiny sister, and other teenage characters made me wan to vomit. Hopefully, one day they will make sci-fi films with adults like they used to versus this never ending regurgitation of teenagers saving the planet or the galaxy. I am sick to my teeth of these poorly written, horribly cats teen-hero films. Bring the adults back and leave out the jokes.

Cixin Liu style of writing is incredibly precise and well constructed. This movie is the exact opposite. Corny, inconsistent, full of cliches, the plot even took the liberty of rewriting the whole story into absolute garbage. The actors are horrible and try to vehicle Chinese masculinity to the point they just end up just being absolutely obnoxious. You will want to slap the main character all movie long.

How anyone spent this much money on a completely scientifically impossible story with awful acting? Is mind blowing. When the movie opened with such a laughable premise I should have stopped there, but no, had to watch the whole thing. Cringing the whole time. Just dumb. The dialogue is stupid, the concept is laughable, it seriously goes out of it is way to not make any scientific sense, the special effects are overdone and not very good. It is confusing and contrived.



OMG!! This film collected 700 million USD!! People must be really insane or maybe they just went to the cinema after being heavily drunk! I came across this film when I was reading about the box office reports of Alita: Battle Angel and found out that this movie outdid Alita in every way. I was intrigued by the premise and story-line which had heavy dose of Science fiction that too based on a book. I was excited to learn that Netflix bought this film. So as soon as it was available on Netflix, I clicked play, totally excited and hyped! Just 10 mins in, I could not tolerate this movie even for a second more. Still I thought it might get better watched the first 30 minutes or so and then gave up. I could not just complete this film, I did not have it in me to bear this absolute garbage! Messy plot, everything seems to run on fast forward mode without much explanation or stability in visuals so we can understand what is going on and added to that, the over-over-over acting of all characters was unbearable. The over-acting was not even old Chinese films level, it was beyond that. If you recollect seeing any Asian trash movies, you know the ones which went straight to video in China itself, then the over-acting is worse than that! I really cannot believe that people in China made this garbage into a blockbuster. You know what, I am going to pack my bags and head to China right away. I have a utter ridiculous sci-fi script, I am going to make a movie there and become a millionaire! See you all soon! :))))

I have been reading and watching sci-fi since the 70 is. I was exited to watch a 100% Chinese sci-fi with a US or UK budget. Proposterously cheesy premise, done 45y ago with the Moon. ITV is Space 1999. Became a cult classic. So, I can live with a rogue Earth, but not with cookie cutter characters and story like this. A sense of humor would helped! Even the darkest Russian sci-fi, has great jokes. I didnt even crack a smile.

They keep shouting each others name all the time. How does that help saving the world? And beside that, the main cast was not the best. The most american movie I have ever seen, and it was not even from the US.

Okay, first of all, I started watching this movie clean and sober. I was completely unbiased and as a great lover of sci-fi I went into seeing this movie. Oh my. As one of my great Asian American heroes would say.... After just 15 minutes I needed my first shot of Vodka.... Wow that girl is annoying! And even worse, it does not get better with her! She is more annoying then any typical girl in any horror movie ever! More annoying then she I do not ever mention in War of the World, you know who I mean. And then the 'hero', he needs to mention every 5 minutes he is a genius... You do that because you know you are not do not you.... i am not into spoilers but yeez I need to hold back now. And the funny guy with the white hair, not funny! Only his appearance is. And that gets tired after 5 minutes you just met him. Okay enough about these characters and every single hollow character in this 'movie'. CGI was okay at best, from close up till somewhat away, and down right bad at a distance. The further away they pulled from a scene the worse it became. And then we do not even begin how absolutely ridiculous it is to use the earth as a vessel! No, let is say this movie was not for me, i am now going to recouperate from a bottle of Vodka, because that was necessary to watch the end of this movie... And why I do not give a 1, because it always can be worse.... To sum up: cheesy and hollow characters; annoying to, reasonably till bad CGI, bad storyline and no depth what so ever, you actually want characters to die just to get rid of them!

Interesting plot. I can see all the sci-fi movie influences - Sunshine, Interstellar and 2001: A Space Oddysey. I can bear the low budget CGI, but I cannot stomach the overly dramatic scenes. For science fiction, the characters should value logic more than emotions. The film obviously wants to be more relatable and heartfelt but falls short because it just made the lead characters less likeable since it coulds their logical thinking. Apart from that, I really like the film and would have rated it higher if I was not too annoyed with their selfish choices.

Looks like Donald Trump has another problem, as if he has not made enough for himself already. The Chinese are now looking a lot more self-sacrificing and humane than typical Americans, at least on the "silver screen". Frankly, the weirdest thing about this movie is that, by American standards, the characters did not seem to be very well-developed or differentiated from each other. They even kind of looked the same. (Politically incorrect joke, I know, but it was just too easy, and I could not resist it. Sorry.) They were also always quite concerned about the rules of society. They just seemed so doggoned Chinese about everything they did. You would swear that they really were Chinese. (I think I only caught three incidents of profanity in this entire film, so I will hold my tongue, since when in Rome...) Compared with typical American heroes, the Chinese very willingly put the welfare of society before their own individual lives, and successfully saved the world by pulling together for the common good without invoking any huge displays of ego at all. This film was vastly more emotionally involving than your typical Hollywood blockbuster, to the point of being a tearjerker in places. (Although, do not lose heart, it is not a "chick-flick" by any means--it is still an action-movie roller coaster from beginning to end.) I do not think that this political and philosophical conception is going to go down well with a large number of Americans nowadays, who obviously fantasize that what the world really needs is a macho band of highly-individualistic, foul-mouthed, alpha males (and females and raccoons and whatever else) with grandiose "big" personalities in constant harsh conflict with each other who somehow temporarily set aside their intense personal hatreds to form a fragile team which forcibly leads humanity into a better future with 2 seconds to spare on the doomsday clock. At which point they go back to drinking, belching, farting, swearing, and fighting among themselves and all is right in the universe again, at least, until they'er called upon to do it over and over again for seemingly limitless prequels and sequels. Can you day "Holy Infinity War?" With respect to rest of the film, the special effects were decent and modern throughout, but we are all used to that by now. To me, the oddest thing is that I cannot think of one single truly "evil" character in the entire movie (maybe i am forgetting someone). Thus, while "The Wandering Earth" adds nothing really significantly new to the Sci-Fi canon (unless, perhaps, you are a real anorak about the subject), it is a non-stop popcorn movie definitely worth watching, particularly due to the current tensions between America and China. This film offers a window into a Chinese worldview, which, shockingly and unbelievably, is not necessarily the same as an American one, and, to make matters worse, debateably it is not even necessarily a worse one, no matter how un-American that particular sentiment may sound. As a matter of fact, we might even be due a comeuppance if we put too much time and effort into cultivating ever more potent weed, while the Chinese instead soberly and conscientiously put their efforts toward more useful and productive endeavors. Might as well wake up and smell the coffee.

It is like James Cameron & Michael Bay competed to see who could make the largest scale story ever told in cinema - with the most gratuitous amounts of special effects & explosions imaginable - until we were provided with this: The Wandering Earth; Geostorm mixed with Snowpiercer whilst on steroids, fused with heavy influences in aesthetic from 2001: A Space Odyssey. It is not bad, nor is it particularly good... But it is enough to satisfy the cravings of any sci-fi fan who longs for epic, mindless spectacle & grandiose visuals.

Not a bad premise but the acting is beyond bad, it is pathetic and cringeworthy. Who is that whiney character? It was like fingernails on a chalk board. So this is what goes for good acting in China. No wonder only the Kungfoolish movies do OK. If you can handle pathetic acting, this actually is not a bad movie.

No disrespect, but this movie has the emotional depth and sentimentalism of a 1930 is American movie, when America was still largely rural and not too educated. The characters are simplistic and their gestures are generic. Americans have learned to watch much more nuanced gestures, much more individualuzed authenticating details. (I mean, the grandfather here waxes on the dead grandmother is noodle cooking, nothing else about her.) Judging from the reviews, a lot of Americans find this movie irritating. It is not subtle. It is predictable. Do not get me wrong. I, for one, find it worthwhile. It is not engrossing or immersive, but it is Big Science Fiction, which I like, and the hokey, corny, and cloyed elements are, for me, anyway, endurable. A nice budget. Decent effects. I have seen a lot worse. And honestly, come to think of it, I would rather have a movie that was too sentimental than one that was too cynical. One last point, the Chinese, they sure do get the teal and orange color schemes of awesome visuals. Practically every shot. Another overdone but, for me, mostly acceptable aspect of this hulking, lumbering beast.

Definitely a movie worth seeing a few times! Definitely a movie worth seeing a few times! Definitely a movie worth seeing a few times!

If you like the movie the day after tomorrow, you will definitely like this one also. Forget about where and which country this movie was made, it is one of the best movie of this year for sure.

Until 30years,Fantastic,Great, Chinese science fiction movies, after 30 years, have finally produced such a wonderful and moving film.

The kind of scientific movie I was looking for, maybe the storyline is not that perfect but I want to give it a 10 as I wish to see more movies like this one

No Chinese super stars in the movie, only young actors and actresses. The movie itself is severely under budget compared to the similar Hollywood movies. And the director was questioned by many people before taking on this challenge. It is the first Chinese super SciFi movie and it is going to be recorded in the books.



OK! That is the fantastic movie this year cause I always recalling that I have cried in the theatre after two days......you guys should watch this movie. People in this movie are incredible!



The outline is great and rational. I appreciate the author and director. All images look amazing, though some scenes are kind of blurry. But I love this! Want to watch this again

World-class CG, whimsical stories, showing the Chinese world view, we unite andthan we can change everything.

Shocked for the whole idea of the story even though the plot of the entire movie is still not perfectly fluent. Absolutely worth giving it a chance to watch!

Traditional sci-fi would be given up if earth is no longer to live. However, this movie brings a new perspective to sci fi. This movie has a brilliant visual presentation. The first part of the story plot is not that good, because the editing problem and time limitation. But glad to know that they are going to publish DVD full version.

Overall great movie, it is just a little bit boring during the middle part. But considering this is the first scientific movie made by China. I give 7.5 stars + 2.5 bonus stars

A whole new start for Chinese sci-fi movies. A truly hollywood-standard blockbuster.

Despite the flaws in its plot, I like the idea this film conveys: hope is the way home. When our home is in disaster, we travel with it instead of giving up on it. The success of saving the world is the effort of every one instead of a single super hero.

A Chinese perspective of saving the earth. And WTF how long is this review has to be?









A bit disappointed walking out the theater coz this movie definitely was not what I expected, and I hated when I was wrong. Who could believe the CG effect, storyline comes from a Chinse movie instead of Hollywood-made could be this good.Never saw this coming. The best comment I could give to a movie is I wanna watch it again!

Wandering earth is on the level of Interstellar in terms of grandness. Plot is mind blowing original and believable for a Sci Fi. Climax will hook you to your seats. Hollowood should take a lesson. Everything Hollywood makes seems like Dejavu nowadays with little originality. Movie has multiple twists and no single master plan works like always. Basically this movie is about human spirit of hope. For first time the whole universe does not revolve around US and the movie underlines a global effort unlike Hollywood flicks where US is the superhero and rest of the world spectators. This is easily the best Sci fi movie ever made. First half is typical but second half is amazing. Go yourself a favor and watch this movie.

I did not expect the movie would be that good. I will definitely go to see again.

All we want is superb sci-fi story and this movie deliver it very well. it is a must watch, do not hesitate.

Honestly speaking, it is the best Chinese film i have ever seen. Though the story is perfect, it is a huge step for Chinese film and im very glad to see its process.Move on.👍👍👍

We drove over an hour to see this movie and I cried from the first five minutes even before the title came out to the last minute ,the story is great and the screen effects are amazing , it definitely worth to see

I love this movie.It is fantastic and fun to watch .

This is the best Chinese SciFi I have watched ever. The CG is terrific! And the movie is based on a novel called wandering earth, which is popular among the people.

It is beyond my expectation, both on the story line and effects!

Very good!!!! I like this movie!!! I want to rewatch it but there is no more released in my city After I watch I cryied and all week I missed this movie... I love Liu Peiqiang!





Eight stars for the film and two extra stars for the respectable Liu! There is no denying that there is room for perfection, but it does not affect this movie as a great romantic, sci-fi epic. The film unpacks only one section from the grandiose history of wandering universe conceived by Liu but rich enough to cover the most fundamental inquiry of human civilizations. It is anti-Hollywood and anti-stereotype. It conveys the idea that the way to save everyone is through everyone saving themselves, rather than replying on any heroes. This derives from the Chinese philosophy that the history of mankind is not driven by any individual but by the people. I am sincerely looking forward to seeing more of Liu is great works on large screen!

(Trying really hard not to spoil) Absolutely Great, but the caption might be too fast for English speaker. Those who are saying the film telling stuff like China is great can give up that try. The best part of this film is more than just its fast-paced storyline and visual effects, it is the display of different culture and internationalist spirit within it. While such display of different cultural beauties is another reason why most westerners cannot appreciate this film because they are incapable of appreciating any culture other than their own(let alone foreign ones such as Chinese, Japanese or Russian). Within the film the character all speak in their own native languages, the most common ones are Mandarin, Russian, French and English while Japanese, Korean, Indonesian and Hindi were all heard. Unlike the majority of other films(not just sci-fi), the collectivist world view in this film did bring something fresh to the screen: the activation of the torque engine in the later scenes were a collective effort of people with different background and languages; from what that was obviously displayed in the scene there was Chinese, Japanese, Russian and British. In the earlier propulsion engine rescue, it was also an effort by countless rescue teams around the globe who perhaps suffered similar dangers as the Hangzhou rescue team, instead of a few heroes. What made up the best part of this film is perhaps the short yet vivid display of other cultures. For me, there were three non-Chinese scenes that really impressed me, which is Russian, Japanese and Korean. Koreans were only given a short scene that had shown their family value and sacrificing will; it does give Chinese people such as me a form of mental resonance because we both share such nationalistic and traditional Confucian values. The part that portrayed the Japanese culture really well was the part when the Japanese rescue team chose to suicide(not being racist), for those who understand Japanese culture they can see how "the beauty of death" was displayed. As for the depiction of the Russian character, it is even better; the pride, carelessness, idealism and determination(and obsession with alcohol) demonstrated in Makarov is lines simply reflect the very soul of the Russian people who treat life with incredible endurance and uncomprehensible romance. Yet all of this is only to be explored if you have a comprehension of these cultures.

It is not perfect enough, but it is the first step of Chinese Sci-fi movie.And it is different from individualistic heroism movies.It contains Chinese traditional thoughts, which is the importance of "home".Although the earth is in dangerous,human can not abandon our homeland--the earth.



There is not doubt that Hollywood is still on the top of science fiction movie. When anyone talks about sci-fi movies Hollywood is probably the first thing comes to their mind. In the past, I have never seen an OK sci-fi movie from China. I am Chinese, and I agree Chinese sci-fi movies are crap. I did not ever expect they can make anything (I mean sci-fi movie, not other genres) that worth me to sit in the cinema for 2 hours. But this time, the Chinese sci-fi movie maker gave me a slap in the face. And I am so happy for that. I am 28 years old now, in my memory this is the first time ever I feel so proud of a Chinese sci-fi movie. I have waited so long for this. cannot thank more to the director and actors/actresses of this movie. And also the original novel Author, (Liu, Cixin), my favorite Chinese Sci-fi writer. You may say it is illogical, so scientifically impossible to move the earth with these 10,000 earth engines, I agree. I am an engineer, I mostly like know a little more about science and physics than you, who are reading this. It is hard for a sci-fi movie to be logically and scientifically flawless, I would rater use the word impossible over hard. If you look carefully at any science fiction movies, you can easily find flaws, even Interstella. But In my opinion, we should hold the same standard while watching these movies, we go to the theaters to enjoy the time there but not to pick out the flaws right? The wandering earth has focused a lot on the efforts of the whole human race to save the earth, instead of like the typical Hollywood movie, Americans are the sole hero while everyone else is just the background. In this movie, you will see how Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Indians, Russians, South East Asians and French people working together towards the same goal- save the earth. The glory of human race shines in this movie, everyone units instead of separates and discriminates towards each other. I cannot stop crying when I see the movie. If you have the chance, please, open your mind, "Made in China" is not necessarily bad, try watch this movie.

Rubbish Rubbish Rubbish!!!!!!Rubbish Rubbish Rubbish!!!!!!Rubbish Rubbish Rubbish!!!!!!Rubbish Rubbish Rubbish!!!!!!Rubbish Rubbish Rubbish!!!!!!

Otherwise a 3/10 and under the average disaster movie. CGI was both really bad and good att some times.

No matter whether the book or the story is reasonable. The director and the actors did a good job. Maybe this kind of science fiction movie is not difficult for hollywood, but it is the first time for China to finish it with good quality.

Known as the first Chinese sci-fi blockbuster, "The Wandering Earth" achieved huge box office success. Unlike typical Hollywood films, it does not eulogize superheroes saving the world. Rather, it depicts cooperation of all mankind and reflects the attachment of Chinese to their homeland. The wander, here in Chinese can be translated into an exile and banishment. Earth, like an abandoned sun, banished by the solar system, had to leave its "motherland". The basis of the story coincides with the Chinese psychological idea of the birth and death of the cosmos, as well as self-banishment with some sense of tragedy and quest for eternality. At this point, The Wandering Earth is far more than an industrial production in Hollywood packaging. It is the first sci-fi film with a Chinese spiritual core.

A milestone in Chinese cinema.I did not go to the restroom ever I need to go to. It is 2 hours but it is attractive.

The plot of the movie has many shortcomings,and the performance of the actors are not very good,too. However, the biggest problem of the film is the lack of ability of the director and the screenwriter. They waste a good theme. As a starting of Chinese science fiction movies, I give an encouragement rating.

Though some detiles are familier with other films, tv plays or comic. Also some characters do not have his or her own meaning in this movie and some theories cannot be proved right by the physics. Still it has been a great Chinese science movies. It has changed the old thought that one man can be a hero to save the world successfully. Through this movie we can see that many people are doing their best to save the world and they are all heroes. We also can see that one try can not always win the success. Only faith, hope and hardwork by everyone can save the world. So, is not that a great movie.

Emmm..I promise this movie is a amazing production.it means that China have walked into era of sci-fi film. I believe you will go back and make some comments after viewing the wandering earth!



i am a big fan of Liu, Cixin is novels Especially the "Three body problem" This movie is adapted from his novel "the wandering earth" but the movie has made a lot of changes in the story. I believe that the scriptwriter team worked pretty hard to make these changes fit the original story. Because this version of story is actually pretty good and it does fit the market especially for Chinese market. One thing that makes me realize that this movie is really special is that all the important work to save the planet is finished by team work. No Chinese/Hollywood/marvel style superhero (like wolf worrier lol), no individualism. I do not wanna talk about what does teamwork means to Chinese culture. I just wanna say this is a way to let you feel that we humanity are really small, compare to the whole universe even to the planet we live. But our civilization do have our way to chase the hope and that is why I found the movie so powerful. As a Chinese i am really proud of this movie, I believe that most of the Chinese who set with me in the cinema feels the same. We applauded at the end of the film. For Chinese, this is both a good sci-fi movie and a Chinese New Year movie. There are a lot of kinda "Chinese joke" stuff in the movie which can only make Chinese laugh. These details and jokes makes me feel like pretty familiar with the future culture in the movie. Definitely recommend you to check it out, you may or may not like it. But you will find something that is unique in the movie.

As a sifi movie follower, I would say the movie is comparable to one is like anhilation or arrival. There are some good thoughts or moments that give people an experience, but one can easily find flaws in the plot, performance and cuts. The idea of no individual heroes is a fascinating one and quite a different view than typical sci-fi movie from hollywood

I procrastinated for so long before I finally stepped into the cinema and it turned out that the film was definitely beyond expectation. The concept of a wandering earth is romantic enough (though it is the cataclysmic reality that is presented), and the credit is to the creator of the original story, and the adaptation buttresses the concept only too well, with the brilliant production design displaying the underground cities in a reminiscent-futuristic way, almost invoking a sort of homesickness and a sense of recognition, which I rarely feel in a sci-fi movie, since the massive Hollywood production is considered the canon in the industry. The remnants of Shanghai, the route those soldiers take to transport the thruster engine, and all the cities mentioned such as Hangzhou and Xuzhou bring a kind of geographical familiarity among the Chinsese audience. Some dialogues are amusing but some are awkward, perhaps owing to the failure in character-building, such as the flattening or delayering of characters like Han Meimei. I am not particularly comfortable with the large chunks of voiceover narration of the background story at the beginning, I am sure they could have done it less directly and more delicately.

This was based on Liu Cixin is short story, but adapted and expanded from a small part from the original story. I have to say the writer has done a fabulous job on the adaptation. The characters and their decisions made sense, and got me attached. It also has done a great job at visual effects, industry design and executions, this is the first time that Chinese movie has achieved such a great quality, I have to say it is indeed a breakthrough. The problem lies at major character is acting (the boy and the girl), it feels forced and not convincing from time to time, and the editing could be more clean too.

Beautiful graphic and high-end film shooting techniques can be achieved by many Hollywood film makers, however, in my opinion, any form of art work, including painting, music, films, need a meaning or a soul, to become an epic piece. i am not a professional film critic or scientist. From the perspective of an ordinary audience, all I care about is whether a movie touches me inside. The Wandering Earth focus the idea that all people from different nations and races work together to save humankind. Graphic and technique will improve over time, but this idea will continue to shine through time and space and become the brightest star in the sky of human history. And this on its own, is worth 10/10.

The new exploration of human destiny and the supplement and perfection of the content of such films.

Chinese first alsome sicence fiction film but its in great deal now

I would not say it is a perfect sci-fi movie, but I am still giving it 9 because it is THE MOVIE we Chinese fans have been waiting 20 years for! However, the movie is full of details only appeal to Chinese audience. For western audience it may look very confusing, so if you are not sci-fi fan or Chinese I would not recommend you this movie. The visual effects are more than good. I literally cried at the beginning of the movie, looking at the scene of 10000 planet engines pushing earth away from solar system. So beautiful and full of power. No recent Hollywood movie is on par with this one at expressing power and beauty of machine. And the Saturn! I would imagine that is what the court of Azathoth looks like, horrible, insane and spectacular. The storytelling and character development are weak as many have pointed put. But it still brings something fresh. The world is saved by people from different nations working together and the protagonist team is just one of the joined efforts. World is going to be saved even without them. No one is the chosen one in this movie. Great fun is the Mass Hysteria that the movie has triggered on Chinese internet. So many pathetic self-haters are being driven mad because a movie portraying Chinese trying to help solve world crisis is hitting top of box office. Thank you Wandering Earth for keeping entertaining me outside of cinema!

This is a great beginning of Chinese science fiction movies!

This is a must-see movie based on the Chinese writer Liu Cixin who wrote the three-body problem.Although there is still a big gap between Chinese film industry and Hollywood, the emergence of The wandering earth marks a significant step for Chinese film.Its special effects, plot and other aspects are very different from the previous Chinese films, and it also shows some values different from ordinary Hollywood films.If you like science fiction films and have no prejudice against China, I strongly recommend you to go to the cinema to see this film. I wish you can enjoy this film and be shocked by the author is bold and strange imagination.The film certainly has its flaws, but it is at least a good start.Wherever the film takes Chinese science fiction, we decide to choose hope.

Only two words can describe this movie:INCREDIBLE MAGNIFICENT China is most wonderful movie ever I cannot believe it So AMAZING It makes you

It is China is first blockbuster in science fiction movie. It tells a fantastic story of saving the earth by driving it to another solar system. It is obviously different from those produced in Hollywood, in which a super hero can save the world alone. In this one, most goals are achieved by people from many countries and Chinese people are only part of them. People are united in the catastrophe, as well as all the countries. This is what makes me moved.

Highly Recommend! A few sentences are never enough to review this one

No superheroes but human beings as a whole to sacrifice and survive.

No matter how familiar the plot beats feel, that level of attention not just to functional special effects, but to outright beauty, makes The Wandering Earth memorable. Not every CGI sequence is aesthetically impeccable - sequences like a vehicle chase through a frozen Shanghai sometimes look brittle and false. But everything having to do with Jupiter, Earth as seen from space, and the space station subplot is visually sumptuous. This is frequently a gorgeously rendered film, with an emphasis on intimidating space vistas that will look tremendous on IMAX screens.

This is indeed an amazing blockbuster! The film is of great significance to Chinese film industry.

Highly recommended! It is worthy your tickets. Never watch only once.

Best China science fiction film,Take a fresh look at the earth crisis. Different from the same kind of film before, Looking forward to the development of the sequel, we must give support and encouragement.

Nice movie but CGI feels like watching computer games movie.

The script was so terrible, it was way worse than the typical direct to video disaster flick. How was this movie so successful in china? I cant understand it. I could not finish it.

Judge this epic sci-fi masterpiece for yourself. It is best watched in its original language and subtitled. Dubbed version loses some of the flavor. Eye-popping spfx. Great direction. Superb acting. A nice change for the big budget movies out there. Gripping.

The stupid ridiculous unimaginable waste heat generated by the giant thrusters is not even considered; said thrusters need to AT LEAST be able to achieve escape velocity and they are all built wrong, the insurmountable amount of energy necessary to move the planet even a couple of CM or INCHES (think something like 3000 Little Boys and what they would do to the planet), the fact that the planet travels therefore losing the sun is light and heat, and the moon for tides, etc. I guess if you ignore all physics and thermodynamics laws and principles and just look at the pretty graphics, then yeah, it is a decent movie.

A straightforward simple sci-fi done by Hollywood many times before. Special affect is 5 years old and acting is very wooden. The plot is just too simple, will not give the spoiler here, but it is not too difficult to guess. I would avoid this unless you really have nothing to do.

Without spoiling anything, the premise of the film is quite original. The story is a refreshing change from Hollywood is typical and predictable "white saviour" or "America saves the world" cliches, instead, the Wandering Earth is selling the message of hope and overcoming adversity through both individual sacrifice and working together, values that transcend shallow nationalism and the "me, me, me" attitude popular in Hollywood. The visuals are overall great, with some bad CGI moments which do not overly impact the experience. The acting is at times cringy, but acceptable considering the film being a sci-fi blockbuster. The film also pays homage to some classic sci-fi tropes by employ an evil AI, a hail Marry "venting the reactor" move, and many others. As a whole, this is a very good sci-fi movie, keeps the audience engaged, great visuals, corny but enjoyable story, if you are not a China-hater and like sci-fi, this is a must watch.

As a Chinese,i am very exicted to wacth our first true science fiction movie.This movie shows our nation is special emotion to homeland.i also see internationalism but not nationalism in this moive ,which makes it unique.i like it very much.

Epic cgi,good story telling,some heartbreaking scenes

As the first sci-fi blockbuster made by China, this movie gives a new perspective on how human would survive if the solar system is no longer suitable for living. In traditional Hollywood stories, people would build those giant spaceships to carry a small portion of mankind to the deep space. However the Wandering Earth says, we are going to bring the earth with us. Chinese, or generally speaking the eastern Asian culture, has a special attachment to "home", and this movie is so far the best illustration of this of emotion in the science fiction genre. The budget of this movie is only 50 million dollars, and I am actually very impressed by the quality of this movie. This is definitely one of the most worth going movie in recent years!

The story is based on a Sci-Fi novel by Hugo-Award winner Liu Cixin. The graphic and special effects of this movie is superb. I have to say, after years and years of waiting, China finally had a great Sci-fi movie after all. Although, some actors performing and plots have some flaws, it definitely deserve 9 stars regarding its 50M budget. I highly recommend this movie to everyone.

The milestone of the first year of Chinese science fiction. This marks the recognition of Chinese capital for science fiction movies. Despite the market and financial factors, the crew still tried to restore the original worldview and the illusion of the sky, and showed the audience a good special effect. I am looking forward to the emergence of more high-quality science fiction movies.

A nice try for Chinese science fiction movie The effects are really Good But there is something weird in this movies' script.

'The Wandering Earth' is one of China is first forays into big-budget sci-fi - and it mostly works! The premise of the film hits close to home - severe drought, extreme weather, tsunamis pointing to the extinction of humans. Set in the near future, the more unrealistic part of the plot is that the sun is going to explode and devour the Milky Way, so all the Earth is governments decide to move the planet to another solar system. Pretty far fetched, but they try to stick to some scientific principles, such as oceans freezing, temperatures plummeting, billions dying - but i am not sure how plausible thousands of giant rocket boosters and underground cities would be. But it is science-FICTION. While the special effects are good - although still funny to see Earth being driven through space like a spaceship - the film does well to focus on six main characters. These are Liu Qi (Qu), his sister Duoduo (Jaho), their dad Liu Peiqiang (Wu) trapped on the space station, their granddad Han (Ng), captain Lei (Li) and scientist Yiyi (Zhang), as they try to get a replacement engine to one of the rockets on the surface. Some of it is needlessly melodramatic, but in general the balance between humanity and CGI is well done. It is a nice mix of 'The Day After Tomorrow', '2012' (but better than both) and '2001: A Space Odyssey' - and thankfully much better than 'The Great Wall'. I found the subtitles and action easy to read/follow. Nice score and there is some humour in with the end-of-the-world-ness.

As the first sci-fi movie of China,this movie actually does well.However,it has nothing to impress me except for its visual effect and the romantic concept,which is pushing the mother Earth away instead of leaving it.The dialogues are just average level ,and the plot was somewhat incoherent due to editing problems.It is said that approximately 30 minutes of content were deleted,so I believe the full edition will be better.

Idea: The first ever think about fleeing the universe with mother earth instead of abandoning it. Visual effects: Good enough to compete with Hollywood. But I am still expecting better. Industry: A good start. A good reason for me to believe the sci-fi industry will be built because of its success. Success means money, and it brings talents, experts, good stories and ideas.

The Wandering Earth(tWE), aka Liu Lang Di Qiu, is without doubt one of the best sci-fi movies I have ever seen, and not just from the Chinese film industry alone, but worldwide. Plot and characters aside, with a budget of merely 340 million CNY(roughly equal to 50 million USD), this sci-fi masterpiece surpasses the quality of any other special effect intensive sci-fi movie produced within that budget range. Although there were some pretty corny moments throughout the movie, a few pieces of dialogue that was not really well thought out, and occasional awkward acting, I enjoyed tWE from the beginning to the very end. Relatively poor acting abilities are forgivable in my opinion since the production team did not§ spend a fortune to invite celebrities--whose acting abilities might not have been as good as/if not even worse than the present cast--and opted to focus its funding towards more important sectors, i.e. special effects, props, etc... [§ i am talking about you, Independence Day: Resurgence, what a disappointment smh] Even though the movie contains some pretty obvious fake physics(just do not question it), and even though the entire movie is dubbed in Chinese, I would still definitely recommend this movie to each and every sci-fi and special effects -phile. Now American sci-fi fans can finally stand in the shoes of foreign language speakers and watch sci-fi films with subtitles in English, just the same as everybody else watching Hollywood sci-fi productions with subtitles in their native languages. TL;DR //In spite of the fact that how this movie--"The Wandering Earth"--is a newcomer to the vast universe of science fiction, this ticket to the Chinese film industry entering the "space race" should definitely be a must watch in the books of every sci-fi fan because despite its relatively low budget, the special effects and overall enjoyability does not fall shy to any other sci-fi epic./ P.S. The production process of this movie was fraught with many impediments, some of which made it almost impossible for the movie to make its way onto the big screens. One these obstacles was when the movie went over budget several times due to its insatiable requirement for astronomical amounts of special effects(both physical & digital while also ensuring the quality), which in itself is not that big of a problem; however, halfway through production, the original investor(Wanda Films) decided to bail(what a d!¢k move), cutting off all funding and transferring the money to a stupid sequel to some romance movie. This annoying maneuver(d!¢k move) left the production team devastated and penniless, as they have already spent two years planning the movie script, and in the meantime have drawn over 3000 conceptual designs for every single piece of machinery/prop. It would be such a pity to just scrap the whole thing, but finding a new film company to fund them would be tough. Just when all hope seemed lost, WuJing, who had just made a fortune off his self directed & starred film "Wolf Warrior 2", decided to step in and provided the much needed "Fire Stone" to save this movie. TWE did not die during production, and WuJing, who was only invited as a cameo in the beginning, took on a rather important role(in the movie as well as in real life). Thus, the Wandering Earth movie was conceived. Just so you know, when I first saw the debut trailer, I was kinda worried that this movie would become "Wolf Warrior 3: Save Planet Earth" because I was a scene where the astronauts saluted under the Chinese flag. Thankfully, that proved to not be the case. Why was I worried? Its because I kinda got ptsd to anything related to propaganda after watching Wolf Warrior* 2; the biggest reason I do not like WW*2 is because the movie was categorized as an action adventure movie, not as some Chinese red education propaganda-like documentary (and trust me, we have plenty of those to go around in China). If I wanted to see one of those I would have just watched CCTV news instead(lol just kidding). To those who have not seen Wolf Warrior* 2, it is basically an action adventure movie with the most stereotypical plot/characters I have ever seen(it is kinda special in that way though), which somehow became a smash hit in China, racking up obscene amounts of money to up to 5.68 billion CNY(840 million USD), making it the top grossing movie in all of China. For real though, the movie is actually pretty nice if you cut off all parts where you see stereotypical characters and/or the Chinese flag. Do not get me wrong, I do not dislike my country. I just think it is just unfitting to see Chinese propaganda everywhere throughout the course of an action adventure movie, especially when it gets constantly rubbed in your face. FYI: Frank Grillo was the antagonist in WW*2. You may know him from "The Purge" movie series. *=Wolf Warrior (not to be confused with World War) That is it for now folks, thank you for taking the time to read all this and have a nice day :D

The appearance of this film, the wandering earth , marks a significant step forward for China is film industry.It reflects some values that are different from those of Hollywood. And if you like China , I strongly recommend you to watch this movie, hoping you can be shocked by the bold imagination of Liu Cixin and moved by the spirit of a community of Shared future for mankind.If you dislike China, I recommend you check out the reviews of this movie, where you will find plenty of like-minded Chinese.



Although there are many shortcomings in the film. the film still can not hide its brilliance. As China is first serious science fiction film, it is extremely successful.It is believed that there will be more high-quality science fiction movies in China in the future. This year is the first year of Chinese science fiction movies.





This is a movie that will write in history. This is first movie that surprise me.



They actually care about all mankind, which comes through beautifully in this epic movie. Now let is hope they come up with a solution to the climate problem and we could be fine!

Unforgettable. Especially the amazing special effect.

The Sun is expanding and threatening to destroy year. The whole world unites to share technology and convert the planet in a slow moving space craft that will took about 2500 to change to another solar system. The trip requires people to live underground; but as you might expect, things do no go as expected and Earth get trapped no Jupiter gravity and the planets are about to collide. The movie as fair amount of primary, secondary and tertiary characters. All of them has their shinning moments. The situations get more complicated by the minute. In the Chinese tradition, there are some melodramatic moments that slow down the otherwise frenetic pace of the movie. The movie is spectacular in almost every sense. Images, action scenes and production values. Let is hope the rest of the trilogy gets made and we are able to enjoy it.

The ideology in this film is quite different from those we are familiar with in Hollywood movies. Teams, actually many different teams, saved the world instead of some individuals, the hero fails all the time. Big sacrifice everywhere. Just so different, yet still touching in the finale. You should give it a try.



I was completely astonished and surprised by this Chinese Sci-Fi movie. According to my memory, this is the first high-tech space Sci-Fi movie China has ever produced. It has achieved US movies' high-tech standard. The story-line is so touching that I watched it in tears. This movie can definitely mark a significant mile-stone in Chinese film industry. It symbolizes the maturation of Chinese 3D space film technology that can now meet international standards. My parents and me have been watching and enjoying US high-tech space Sci-Fi movies like "the passenger", this movie can definitely fit into that class. It is definitely a GREAT piece of work in Chinese film history.

Not a typical western-superhero-save-the-earth movie. Every human being takes part in saving mankind/earth.



Severly disappointed by the movie compared with the book. As for the amazing number of incredibly high review ratings: They were either paid, or are so brain-washed by nationalist tendencies, they do not know better. Please people, be true to yourself!

Forget about the logic flaws about this huge project , it is really astoning

I just feel a group of people guide me to visit the game world of ice and snow. no passion,no battle,no disaster effects why the future cities havent future building,future machine,future vehicle,and future flora and fauna,and so on

I do not know how this is getting any positive reviews, this was an attempt to copy michael bay, but some how they made it boring. Nothing makes logical sense so you just do not care what is happening on screen, they are just random scenes of no consequence. Some how earth is being "moved" at sub light speed and this is their plan? You better have a good explanation of how this is going to work, they do not. It looks like a flimsy excuse to test out fx industry of china, and they do a decent job, this is about what you would see on sci-fi channel with stuff like battlestar galactica, but that is not saying much at this point, and its all in service of nothing. The story is filled with video game like side quests to pad a paper thin story in a world not fleshed out in the slightest. Just to sum it up, this movie is both more boring and less plausible than the worst Transformers movie. A screen filled with dazzle and flash, all in service of nothing. You will be better off served watching something like the Expanse, Battlestar Galactica, Interstellar, or even Armageddon, which shows how a silly movie concept can be done right.

Just watched 20mims and cannot continue the storyline is strange ...everything happens so sudden. the storyline is really bad

I watched this movie with my family.After the movie, my father said, "the plot of the movie sucks."I did not want to deny it, but this film is of an extraordinary significance for Chinese science fiction. China can also make such a film, which is enough for me to give this film 10/10. I know it is not very rational, but please forgive me for being wayward just one time.

Some of the scenes may strike the American Viewer as odd, and is some ways they are, but some of these scenes are taken from Chinese writings over the centuries. Although I would not call myself an expert on Chinese literature I would like to point out a small number of examples. First, there is a scene of a desperate battle in a steep walled canyon. This is a well worn motif in Chinese literature. China is a mountainous country with some cities and areas only reachable by passing through a steep walled canyon in a mountain range. Such canyons might have castle walls built across them to collect money from travelers. In these canyons armies might be ambushed. We see such things in the Romance of the Three Kingdoms, a tale set in the Tang era some millennium and a half ago. If you look further back you can find tn the famous Art of War where the tactic of luring an opponent into a narrow canyon and throwing rocks down on them is suggested. The Chinese film dealing with the perhaps legendary author The Art of War, called The Warring States, features just such a tactic. So the presence of the battle in the canyon in the Wandering Earth is no surprise, except for the way they managed to get it into the movie. The Wandering Earth also has, to an important extent, also has the form that the Chinese seem to love so well, a family saga. Often stories and certainly movies focus on the trials and changes of a few people in a family who age and change with the times. I always think of The Blue Kite as a classic example but there are any number of others. The theme seems to be one of showing how the family survives despite the changes in China, the end of the Monarchy, the Japanese occupation, the success of the revolution, the cultural revolution, and so on. In this case there are characters who remember times before or when the engines started up and who remember those days when everything is going wrong but when out hero recalls what his father had told him in the beginning. I would venture to say that the story line is a bit thin and erratic but it works in the family saga conception of a story. Perhaps this is helpful.

I like it. Hope to see more from Liu Cixin. Really sick of Hollywood

Human of whole world can work together to make our earth better.

It may not be as good as avatar but definitely on par with films such as transformer with better story telling and imagination. Punch lines are foreign but you may get some of them.



The visual is obviously stunning, considering the budget is only 50mil it has done really well. Very glad to see Chinese movie industry coming this far. Offers interesting and much needed competition to Hollywood. Yes there are certain plot holes, but it would be difficult to find a sci-fi film that does not. To me the loophole is negligible as the core of the movie is about humanity working together, if you hate that than you have no soul. This is a very fresh perspective to Hollywood is superheroism. Very applaudable.

I feel so proud to watch this movie, it made me feel super excited and encouraged, all positive meaning and touching moments. Great story, great director and actor. You will not regret

This movie makes me see the difference in the science fiction movies in recent years, which is different from the individual heroism of American movies. In this movie, all human beings try their best for their own home, which is a realistic movie

I have to admit that I have not been to a cinema for years during holidays, mainly because I have somehow lost faith to the declining quality of Chinese films, especially those so-called "New Year Movies", usually premiere during Spring Festival, are almost always starred by so-called "celebrities" and filled with cheap jokes and not even worth wasting time or money on. But the odds of seeing this gem in 3D in front of the silverscreen is once in a blue moon. Even though I have not read Liu is novel, i am still moved by the sense that people, regardless of their cultural backgrounds and nationality, unite for a common cause to save ourselves from the grave danger of human civilisation. In such way, this film has distinguished itself from the likes where there are clear boundaries of "us and enemy" and the cliched a-single-hero-saves-the-day kind of sci-fi. This film is a perfect example of internationalism wins. In terms of film-making, the visual effects are more than decent, though the plot is a tad loose and inconsistent - turns out that the producers cut almost 30 minutes of the movie so that the theme will not be too dark or melodramatic for the holiday season. As a result, somethings do not add up, or were only briefly mentioned, or viewers can infer from plain dialogues, with difficulty. And the physics part is sketchy - lighting up the hydrogen will hardly make any opposite acceleration to the earth - but hey, it is called sci-fi for a reason. In addition, the acting of younger actors surely needs polishing. Also, the English subtitle is not adquately-made, most of which are clumsily translated from Chinese, which may be unfriendly for foreign viewers. That being said, it is still a movie you cannot miss. I look forward to seeing it again when the director is cut is released.



By far the worst sci-fi movie I have watched in years, even surpassing the magnificently lousy "The Wall". Nothing in this movie is good - story, plot, acting, characters, dialogue - everything is a disappointment.

First of all, dubbing is decent, so you can watch it in English. From technical point of view (effects, CGI) is on par with best Hollywood blockbusters, or Expanse (on Space/Prime), I would give it 8 out 10. From theatrical point of view (actors) will give it 1 out 10, absolutely unnatural reactions, no comprehensive dialog, grunting all the time, shouting nonsense, it is like anime personages come to life. All personages are annoying, all of them, but especially little sister and a blond guy, you actually want them die. Acting is non-existing, high school performance has better actors. From logical/scientific point of, it is zero. I do not want to give up the plot, or spoilers, but movie is full of holes in a plot, the main and biggest hole is moving Earth from its orbit with help of thrusters. And it is only a beginning, then sun slowly exploding, moving Earth through interstellar space and so on. As an acting, science is also not present in this movie. I like science fiction, but in one should be some logic, and some science. In this movie there is none. I hope book is better, it got some prizes, but move is bad, very bad. I do not wright reviews, this is my first one, but this movie forced me to do so.

I love pretty much anything sci-fi. But this is not sci-fi. It is a Chinese nationalist movie coated in sci-fi. Perhaps it might have been better as a well written book -- the base story is certainly grand enough -- but the direction, camera work, and acting all fall totally flat. Did I mention that NONE of the characters are likable?

Of all the ridiculous things about this movie, the thing that got me was the geography. Okay, okay, the planet has turned into an iceball and humans are removing the crust to feed the fusion reactors (why not use melted seawater?). However, Beijing is built on a plain. Where did all these mountains suddenly come from? Would not they have been mined first? Those vehicles did not seem very fast, so I am wondering how they managed to go 5000 km (3100 miles) in a few hours? i am thinking that is a week drive minimum on flat ice. And why are there mountains in the middle of the frozen ocean?? Apparently all vehicles have a mysterious supersonic capability, as other vehicle drives show up from random parts of the world within minutes of being contacted. It is like the CGI artists never been outside. ever.

This was terrible, supposedly mathematically accurate but you can have a basic understanding to know this was way off. The acting was horrid, the plot was the only thing interesting. The CGI looked like a video game.

No respect to physics laws. Error over error followed by error. I was embarrassed watching it

The CGI is great and the story is not bad but the whole thing falls down on the dialogue (or the subtitles rather) and the thin characterisation. I was hoping the little sister gets hit by a meteor or sucked out into space or something, anything, just to stop her incessant whining. It is a disaster movie meant for entertainment not boring whinge fest - get over body count girlie, there is people to save and hang the consequences and who falls by the wayside! The space station Dad was OK and so was the leader of the rescue mission - they should have been the leads with their interaction, not the paper thin brother and sister in a "family" emphasised whingathon. There are political points as well - multiple Russian characters but few other nationalities noted except in passing - considering this space adventure is run by the United World Government, surely it would be a bit more internationalised. There is some inexplicable "comedy" routines with a half-Chinese/half-Australian character acting as an utter buffoon. Yup, wish he would been squashed by an earthquake too. I can only think it was political. I guess it is a Chinese centered movie but really, would we fall for that kind of sniping? I do not think so! I did not see any black characters at all either although there were a couple of folks with turbans on - presumably meant to be folks from India. I suppose they were thinking of their trade partners for distribution rights and who people in China would be familiar with. I think it could and should be made again with Hollywood money and a stellar AND internationalised cast.

This movie although very fun to watch visually, it just seemed to struggle in so many ways. I understand the language barrier that can be created in translation, but the story telling is very obviously broken. There are scenes that seem to drag on forever and just the most absurd amount of over dialoguing moments that are suppose to be intense or emotional, but is lost. I feel that the English dubbing of the Chinese lines was also a huge issue. I mean come on the voice acting was terrible I ended up preferring the subtitles. In all this movie has a fun innovative sci-fi idea with a twist on some old stories, but just missed the mark with what feels like 45min of just unnecessary oddities.

Well just watched this movie and I will start with the story. In reality, it would take at least multi millions of years for the sun to become as 'unstable' as they suggest or to engulf the earth (billions more like). Ok so let is forget the science, a little like Danny Boyle is Sunshine, and see how they deal with this impending world ending disaster. Well, it is very silly how they combat this too! They will 'move' the earth with the power of 10,000 propulsion engines......hmmmmm ok moving on! So the movie plays out like most disaster movies, however I was impressed by the visuals and the icy earth looked breath taking quite literally! The later parts of the movie did have some epic visuals. However, what let is this movie down are the main characters. They are uninteresting and quite annoying at times. I. The acting is rather shambolic most of the time and some odd relationship tensions. It was interesting to see the China/Russia friendship play out though. Evil AI makes an appearance too but it is so underwhelming. Overall, weighing up the good and bad equals an average score. You cannot just give a sci fi movie with good visuals a high score, it needs a heart and soul which this movie does not have.

Thanks to the all-conquering MCU and its imitators, sci-fi has taken a back seat in Western cinema over recent years. There is been plenty of great stuff on TV, with the likes of The Expanse for example, but the big-screen space-borne spectacular has become trapped in the suffocating tangle of Disney franshising. Thankfully, Chinese cinema has now developed to the point where it can produce films of a scale equal to those of Hollywood, and this is demonstrated by The Wandering Earth. The film is a true holiday Blockbuster - huge budget, lots of star names (well, if you are Chinese) and an apocalyptic disaster to be averted. As is Blockbuster tradition, all the tropes are here - the cookie-cutter characters, the against-the-clock finale, the self-sacrifice, the huge explosions and giant set pieces. But they are all carried out well, and the film is highly effective escapist entertainment. The CGI is both worse than, yet better than, that of the MCU. Worse because you can tell they do not quite have the budget and panache for the exceptional digitally rendered models of MCU. Better because the digital cinematography is superior to the majority of Holywood blockbusters. Instead of the constant rush of the MCU, there is enough time and a wide enough frame to see what is there to be seen. That is not to be underestimated, because this film feels of a much grander scale than, say, Guardians of the Galaxy. The action sequences can perhaps be a little overcooked and clichéd, but there are a several heart-quickening scenes as good as anything in the majority of big cinema experiences of the last ten years. The acting is as good as is needed, and the direction manages to stay just the right side of oversentimentality. What I enjoyed most, though, is the film is atmosphere of humanity. The biggest problem with the MCU, DCU, new Star Wars and X-Men franchises is that they are all about heroes gifted with super-human abilities saving humanity. The Wandering Earth, however, is about a disparate bunch of normal people working together to save humanity. Whereas Hollywood blockbusters have become unpleasantly cynical about the helplessness of normal humanity, The Wandering Earth is ultimately a hopeful film about what humanity can achieve if it works together. Obviously this comes with a proviso that there is an element of Chinese cultural propaganda here. .. but the same can be said of the MCU and the like. It is ironic that the Western blockbusters tell us that we, the little people, are a homogenous mass in need of the protection of our superiors, whilst it is the Chinese film that celebrates the individual efforts of us normal people. I suppose it comes down to aspiration. The ideal presented by the likes of Spider-Man and the X-Men is that anyone can become one of the special people. This film simply says that we are all special when we work together to make the world a better place - and is not that what used to be great about US disaster-themed blockbusters in the first place?

English is easy to understand...No need for subs... CGI is Near Hollywood quality, i wish it was a bit better.. but is good enough to Not distract from the plot. Story: Mind Blowing... i was waiting for a movie like this... i want to give 9 stars for the CGI, but the story is too good, "11". some rare occasions there are Cult Movies made in other countries, other than "Hollywood"... for example: Lifeforce (1985) made in UK... also another great cult space SciFi movie...

One of the most beautiful & fairy sci-fi movie in recent years .. almost poetic. Gorgeous visuals (have not been so impressed since the first Independence Day), astonishing story, good acting .. and the Chinese are saving the earth this time (sorry Americans). Enjoy !





Must reading the fiction after movie, that Liu ci xin wrote it 10years before.

Very good. i am cry. It is the best movie. Very good. i am cry. It is the best movie.

Even more excited when I know it is not made in US. The other side of the planet has finally joined the space race.

It has many plots and it conveys the idea of "home" that only Chinese people can truly understand and appreciate. You cannot really expect most people in America who probably do not know if China is real to share the same feelings.

It is definitely not a perfect movie, but it is the first time Chinese sci-fic film can be as good as Hollywood ones. The story is Ok, most movies will have sloppy twists and turns due to limited time. This is a movie that only cost 50 million dollars. But the special effect is fantastic.

CGI is amazing, one of the best I have seen. The plot was well written, but some lines were kind of cliche and cringy.

It balances individualism and collectivism perfectly. There are heroes indeed, but not the typical Hollywood kind. Most characters in this movie are humane and making understandable choices. There are some scripts/lines not making sense to me, resulting in that I really do not like Liu Qi. In the first half part, he leads audiences to the worldwide status quo and I even wanted to leave the theater. Luckily in the second half, the movie is focus shifts. I am fond of this one, except Liu Qi.

Without giving any spoilers, The story is something that could really happen in the future. The special effects were done well, enough suspense and action to keep from being bored. Its also nice to see the perspective of another country saving the world besides USA.

It is not only the blockbuster China made movie but also exceeds most Hollywood Sci-fi movie already. How many Hollywood sci-fi movies are good enough to your content? Many of the reviewer here do not know that SFX has no actual boundary because most of the Hollywood SFX company have studios or already collaborated with Chinese digital artist for many years. What make a film like this one different is the story, the plot, the setting and directing by the team. If you have not get used to it, that is simply because you have been watching too much of Hollywood ones. If you like the movie Interstellar, you will not disappoint with The Wandering Earth if you care enough of your appreciation of movie making.



This movie is really good. I have watched this yesterday. It caught me all the time during the show, and my tears fell twice during that moment. To me, it is 10/10, but the movie could be improved

Earth Rotation causes The Earth is Magnetosphere, the Earth is Crust iron deposits and the solid nickle iron core suspended by liquid molten magma spinning creates the Earth is Magnetosphere. The Earth is Magnetosphere is like a huge Magnetic "Force Field" that stops the Earth is Surface from being blasted by the Sun is Solar Radiation of Gamma Rays, X-Rays, Photons (Light Energy), Microwaves, etc. and other Space related Cosmic Radiations that would Super Heat the Earth is Surface to the point that concrete and metal would melt turn from liquid state to gaseous state and ignite. The Earth below ground would then also Super Heat causing any moisture content of the Earth is Surface to evaporate into Space, as the previous all of Earth is water evaporated into Space. The Earth is Rotation also increases the Earth is Gravity to higher than just the Mass of the Earth creating Gravity, this is where the idea of centrifugal Force to create a Spacecraft is "Artificial Gravity" comes from. Without this happening everything of light Atomic Weights like the Earth is Protective Atmosphere and Water would go out into Space leaving only the heavier Atomic Weight "Elements" see Atomic Weight of Elements Charts, this is how Mars and Venus ended up with nearly a lack of an Atmosphere and only heavy gases like Poisonous Sulfur Dioxide as an Atmosphere, and minimal water that went out into Space. With the Earth is Magnetosphere and Protective Atmosphere gone, the Earth is Surface would reach above Thousands of Degrees Fahrenheit, fusing the broken Teutonic Plates that make up the Earth is Surface back together, Earth is intense heated molten magma would then cause areas to explode, erupt, equal or greater than Mega Tonnage Thermo Nuclear Bombs at the weakest points of the Earth is Crust. As the Events occur the Earth will start to run out of materials, minerals, rapidly, especially the materials and resources as fuel for missile motors, the Solution would be Arthur C. Clarke is Earth Elevator as using the least amount of Earth is diminishing Resources to get things into Space to build a Space based Manufacturing Facility, a Space Shipyard to build real Interplanetary to Inter Solar System Spacecraft and a Huge Space Station to house all the Workers (that would be designed to become part of the Inter Solar System Spacecraft), To move the entire Earth is Mass, would mean Fission Fusion Drives as nearly unlimited energy (the Sun is a Fission Fusion engine), using very little if any of Earth is remaining resources. From Space looking at Earth flying thru Space you would see a very bright light emitted from the entire aft half of the Earth is Surface that would then thousands of miles long flames like a Comet "tail" would spiral as to keep the Earth Rotation causing Magnetosphere and Gravity the Earth would still be rotating. Science 1 Yes, the Sun and other Factors, not "Man Made" are causing the current Climate Change as actual Scientists as Geologists have discovered from the previous Earth is Layers of rocks. The Primary previous Cause of Climate Change was "Polar Axis Shift", the North Pole used to be the South Pole, think about what happens when that occurred, below Zero Degrees Fahrenheit locations became over 120 Degrees Fahrenheit, Oceans evaporated and turned into today is Deserts, massive Teutonic Plate Shifts causing Continent sized Volcanos spewing Trillions of tons of debris into the Atmosphere causing the Sunlight to not reach the Earth is Surface, Flash Freeze Storms instantly froze everything, Continent sized Fire Storms, and much more occurred many times before. This Polar Axis Shift is measured by Magnetic Deviation from True North, this used to be Zero Degrees Magnetic Deviation, Today the Magnetic Deviation from True North is about 22 Degrees. The Huge Problem today, is that the Earth is Orbit has gone from Circular to Oval, as getting further and further away from the Astro Physicists (Space Scientists) designated "Goldlilocks Zone" as to close Earth burns, too far Earth freezes, as today we are only experiencing the beginnings of that as the Earth is closest orbit around the Sun has gotten Millions of Miles Closer, and during the furthest point of orbit Earth has gotten farther away causing "Un Seasonable" cold. Together with the Earth is Polar Axis Shift this will result in a possible Extinction Level Event. Entertainment 10 Stars Of what the Chinese believe will be reality. Lots of "extras" to make things more realistic. Not realistic would be the tolerance of having Tongs, Chinese Gangs, as all Resources must be rationed as 100% Socialism.





Sun is dying, we must leave, but we must take earth together, because earth is our mankind is homeland.

Looks like China is getting the act together. Hollywood watch out! Great plot, really good acting, plenty realism (some of the good guys die unlike Hollywood epics) and really amazing special effects. I hope this gets the worldwide popular screening and viewing it deserves even if, in this international planetary epic, the Americans are conspicuous by their absence!!

Very impressive. Chinese movie has now become more controversial.

Although there are a lot of things yet to be improved, this movie worth this rate.



Tedious and unbelievable, this has no redeming features, the premise is stupid and the actors still have to graduate for their acting school

A good SciFi Movie with Hollywood level special effects and capable of give battle to same kind of Hollywood movies. It is good that NetflixLatam has it on its catalog. I am looking forward for the sequel....

It is my first time to make a review on a movie. This one deserves it. The idea is unique. The graphics are mind blowing to be honest.

A very technically impressive movie. The scale of the story is captivating and very original. The CGIs are really spectacular and beautifully done. There are also very sweet and cute sides of the movie too and combined with the very good majestic story make this movie very special. A very good piece of filmmaking.



A great movie with an impressive hypothesis: The sun is dying out and the only way human race can survive this is by pushing the earth out of the solar system. It is one of the hardcore Sci-Fi movie that I have not seen for years. The last good one was "The Martian". The original novel writer Liu Cixin is my favorite Sci-Fi writer, his book "Three Body Problem" is one of my favorite. i am glad to see his novel became a good film. However, despite the good story, there are still some details that could be improved. The emotion of the actors and actress is very predictable, and you can feel the narrative and dialog is trying to force you to tear out. However after couple of try, the audiences are kind of get used to it. If the director can reduce some of that and add more details of the story rather than the forced emotional scenes, it would be better. Thus 9/10.

After reading all the review, I found no Chinese film reviews. So I just write a little. I was shocked and moved by this amazing movie. After watching Hollywood movies for so many years, it was finally our Chinese turn. This film is good enough to be the pioneering work of Chinese hard science fiction movies, and even deservedly recorded in the history of Chinese cinema. I am convinced that China is a great country and she will be the most powerful country in the world in decades. We have a history of accumulation, and we have a vision for the future. It is time for us Chinese to tell the world about our stories. Long live China!

Though there are issues like the acting,the stunning visuals makes it worth checking out.The plot is no masterpiece,but it is good enough.Honestly I did not expect this film would be so great,but it is definitely the best Chinese sci-fi ever.

The visuals are AMAZING and the story is interesting, with entertaining action sequences. However the main protagonist is annoying and poorly written, with an idiotic and brainless grudge against his father. And as for his sister, all she does is wails and cries and whines. It. Is. So. Fricking. Annoying. But overall the movie is worth a watch

This movie follows in the footsteps of producers like James Cameron, Michael Bay, and Roland Emmerich. Is this great cinema? No. Is the story breaking new ground? No. Is it fun to watch? Absolutely. I saw some other review claiming that all other reviews are from bots. I can say that mine is not since i am... a human. Like most movies from America, there is not too much character development, and there is a lot of action. However, this movie is true Science Fiction, which has become exceedingly rare after the cyberpunk days of the 90s. The idea of moving the Earth, while implausible with today is technology, is a great story idea. I could actually see a TV series about the people on an Earth being moved from our solar system to another and the difficulties and experiences they face on that journey. In the right hands, it would be great. Some of the professional reviews I have read focus on the fact that this movie is a stand in for climate change and that it silently states that only China is able to tackle that problem since the U.S. has no ability or interest to work on it. I cannot disagree on that point which might be one reason why I like the movie. The other reason I liked it, is that it was well done dumb. Kind of like the first Pacific Rim. That movie was just as lacking in intellect, but it was fun to watch even if you are not a NASCAR fan. Give The Wandering Earth a try going into it expecting low brow action scifi and you might enjoy it.



The unlock way this uninspired crap can get a better rating than 3 is by massive bot-voting of single-action-Accounts galore...

The whole concept of this movie will surely blow your mind.

The Wandering Earth is a Chinese science-fiction blockbuster based upon the critically acclaimed novella of the same name by award-winning author Liu Cixin. The movie convinces with stunning visual and sound effects that bring a dystopian world to live. The action sequences are intense. The acting performances are solid enough to make you care about the fates of the characters until the spectacular ending. The Wandering Earth is story will not win many points for originality, but this sci-fi epic earns its thrills with exciting set pieces and dazzling special effects.

Review of The Wandering Earth -by Wanling Bai The movie The Wandering Earth, adapted from the novel of the same name written by Liu Cixin, was directed by Frant Guo. In the movie, the actor Jing Wu takes the role of protagonist, Liu Peiqiang. The movie takes place on earth and its nearby space station in the near future. Normally, I do not watch movies of the Sci-Fi genre, however this is an exception because it is not only about the technology of the future, but also human emotions and connections. The movie tells a story about scientists finding that the sun is dying soon; so, people all over the world trying to escape from the disaster, come up with a plan where they move the Earth from its orbit. Liu Peiqiang is an astronaut who goes to the nearby space station when his son Liu qi was only four years old. About fifteen years later, when it is time for him to return, the earth is engine has a problem, so Liu Peiqiang must stay back to help his son to save the earth from falling into Jupiter. The best part of this movie is that people unite to save the earth. At first, we see that humanity has given up, but when Han DuoDuo, a teenage nice girl, speaks to the rescue team about giving humanity one last try, they get everything together and save the earth. This shows that although heroes are important, united people have the power that no one can match. The creators try to convey the theme "In unity lies power", and were successful in doing so by showing only when everyone unites, they succeed in saving the earth and all life. They are successful in passing the message, but some of the plot points and reactions of the characters do not connect well. For example, Han DuoDuo is reaction to her grandfather is death is neither consistent nor loyal to character. Overall, the movie is really good. It is definitely good value for money and an enjoyable film.

You go to a movie to enjoy it right? and also this is not from hollywood so why not you lower your expectation and enjoy it? 1. the good thing about this movie is its visually wonder. am surprised by the cgi done in the chinese movie. in india, we still struggling to make good cgi movies so for me i felt like they are much closer to the hollywood movies then where we stands now. 2. overall the story is written by someone who drank vodka and wine and smoke weed at the same time. imagine a moving earth? hahaha i was laughing in most part of the movie BUT the cgi was good so i somehow said "wow" in between too. thats why i said, if you like to enjoy this movie .. hibernate your science nerd mode for a while and pretend like you are just age 10 3. the characters are pathetic , the main actors didnt showed much facial expressions. i have seen many chinese actors in movies and most of their actings didnt make sense to me. they always a have a straight face in most of sitaution. 4. there are parts where it is little boring or the plot not moving Overall i liked this movie, i appreciate for what they tried and wish they not only focus on cgi but also invest on acting and plot.

It looks good, but it is really hard to enjoy anything else about this movie unfortunately. The cutting and the script is truly awkward, and it is very difficult to make much sense of what is happening throughout large parts of the movie. The plot in many of the scenes is often vaguely implied or left completely unexplained.

There was a Sci Fi satire many years ago called "Amazon Women on the Moon". Not at all serious. This movie reminded me of that. The movie is ultra implausible - in just about every respect. It is watchable because it is so silly. It is really a lot of laughs. Watch it with someone else so you can share the laughter and silliness! Alone I would not have watched it to the end.

I get the complaints on here about the characters but what do you expect from a movie with such spectacle. This movie is comfortable being in the same shooting distance as Bay is Armageddon or virtually anything by Roland Emmerich. Special effects are top notch Turn your brain off and enjoy

Promising theme, acceptable storyline, (could be better on the latter part.) cool effect, (thou some part of cgi was exposedly bad) weak characters, would not expect perfect char development on fast pace sci fi but the execution just not good, eg they have some beautiful moment and then overkill it. and also some bad dialog (like forced too many china style meme). if elysium could get 6.6, a fair rating for this 1 should be between 7-7.5.

This is visually a nicely done movie. But that is about it. Other than that it is nothing but a walking cliche exacerbated by chinese mentality. You know where 5 people would do something mentionable in an american movie, 100 do it here. From a plot point of view the movie is very shallow, you can tell what will happen 15 minutes in advance and the characters have some weird behaviors/intense dramas that feel quite random (some out of nothing, some reasonable in our day to day existence but highly out of place in their current world). In conclusion the movie is nothing to write home about, but I have a feeling that I will remember it for quite a while, for good and for worse. So if you have nothing to do and it is "on sale" it might be worth watching to at least be able to talk about it with your friends :)

A typical Chinese movie Nothing to say, save your time guys

Im a sci-fi fan and not that picky I watch the great ones and the not so great ones, appreciating them for what they are, vessels to a potential future. This however is complete garbage, all paint in the world drying would beat it. Again why China still is just volume. Empty bad volume. Nothing of value. Did the creators watch the final priduct themselves? No humanity, no story, no facts, nothing. Not even a movie to drink and laugh at. Not even a special effect worth the money. Is something wrong with the ppl who made this?!

I think this is a good movie, mainly because it provides another way of thinking and solving problems different from the Western world. The world is pluralistic, not just one way is right. So if you want to know more about other peoples, cultures or ways of thinking in other countries, I think this film can offer another thinking way to solve the problem. . . .

Abundant imagination, brilliant pictures. First Chinese Sci-Fi movie. So exotic from Hollywood. You cannot miss it.



A great movie in our generation, a movie to describe the situation of our society, when you guys gave a low-grade to douban app in each and every app store to relieve your anger feelings, I know there is no any common sense in your mind, welcome to the brave new world.

What a waste of energy, time, money, effort, resources...life. How do abominations like this even occur. This was, awful. Had to FFWD thru it. Contrived. Cliched. Pompous.

I could not watch through it, sorry. I tried the first minutes in orginal mandarin with subtitles. There were so many background noises next to the mandarin which I did not understand it was hard to even focus on the voices while reading the subtitles. Then I tried the english syncro. That is one of the worst synchros I ever heared. It felt unpersonal just read through without lip sync. What the heck. I made it to 40 minutes then had to stop this mess. Also the plot, the world building, the background infos there is so much just missing which answers are needed for. Basic physics got mostly ignored aswell as tectonic movements. Maybe the movie gets better after 40 minutes but I skipped a little and it did not seems so for me. Two sentences about the graphics. it seems that different studios have made different shots, e.g. one for interrior, one for vehicles, one for city shots, one for outer space. Everything looks different somehow. I did not see a uniform style, it just jumps.

Was expecting more from this. Even with ignoring all the troll physics involved with the premise of the whole story, it´s pretty goddamn bad. All the characters are paper thin, CGI is mediocre at best, cheesy sentimentality is annoying and it is all covered with these weird slapstick comedy elements distinctive to Asian movies.

In terms of world building, showing the size of buildings and machines, making the audience a part of what is happening: This is first grade, like 2012 on steroids. In terms of character development, continuity, final cut, story development, and believability (suspension of disbelief): This is one of the most ridiculous productions of the last decade. It is not that the Chinese could not make a decent screenplay that could be appreciated from North to South and from East to West. They can, I have seen enough interesting chinese movies, the first one was "Raining in the Mountains" from 1979, if I remember correctly. However, this movie is simply bad scripted and directed. It is too rushed, and so there are a lot of scenes where you ask yourself, what is going on. There are scenes where you will not understand what the characters are doing. There are some impossibilities, or at least some parts of the fiction that are crucial but barely mentioned, far from any explanation. But a good science fiction movie does take the time to introduce at least a few of its concepts to the audience . This movie does not do that. 3,5 Billion people had to die during the process of stopping Earth is rotation, and not a second is spent how these people had to die. How the decisions were made who survived and who not. For instance, did China say, Brazil cannot be saved, because they cannot keep up ? Or was MOSS already involved, marking every second human as not worth to be saved ? Like Thanos in Avengers.... However, the movie is worth watching even with english subtitles. Technically it is up to date - no wonder, the CGI is made by international companies and probably ate up 90% of the budget. Since US Science fiction is currently mostly Marvel and DC Superhero stuff on the verge of Fantasy, or for children, like Transformers, one can find some hard Sci-Fi here, but characters and acting are clearly not on par with the visual quality of the movie.

This is not a full review because there are many written already. What stuck out to me was the quality of the CGI images, which seem to be stuck at the level of a PC game circa early 2000s. They look like something out of a 20 year old Command&Conquer game. If this is the best China can do there is no need for Hollywood to worry about their cultural dominance any time soon. Now i am pretty sure Chinese can actually do better because i am looking forward to seeing Yimou Zhang is Shadow, which trailer looked pretty cool. The way forward for Chinese big budget movies should not be to emulate American movies directly, especially not by emulating their worst tendencies, namely the overuse of ugly soulless CGI imagery (most marvel atrocities)

As far as effects go Wandering Earth is certainly up there with the big boys. As for story content, nah not so. A little disappointing as we get into it right away with no preamble were we are introduced to all the protagonists. Subbies dont usually worry me but unfortunately this time they took away from the overall spectacle. If sci-fi is your thing then definitely watch this on a big screen.

I watched the IMAX version.Overall visual effect makes me happy.Director clip version may make up for some improper on the plot For the content settings I know it is In order to enhance the ornamental effect deliberately strengthened the Jupiter Roche Limit. The performance of the injector is also strengthened Movie musicset is very satisfied, the underground city, space, ruins, and long shoot of the music Wu Jing and Wu Mengda and other actor performance is great, but the young actors of the performance also need to be improved I found some interesting details and eggs 1 A computer shows an activation of Windows 2 The main computer is called MOSS, as a world where the distribution of ten and ten things, officially called the name of the computer has become clear 3 The joint government said the words are French. This is consistent with the official work language of the United Nations 4 Grandpa Han Ziang is the 99 people, people are smaller than we are at the age of the family, so he likes what we are now in this era, not strange 5 Underground city of the TV channel is CUCTV, do not know what the abbreviation, may be China Underground Central TV 6 CGSTL, Long Satellite Technology limited, real business, is the wild-on earth poster on the day 7 At the time the main food is the earthworm dry. Indeed, earthworms eat east can live, the best protein sources 8 Moss tributes to the tribunal of the interaction of space-shaped 2001 in the artificial intelligent HAL9000. In fact, in the "Wall E" is also tribute, and the character is also sissed It is very good to recommend that you go to see this one of the best science fiction movies this year

I like it so much.the scripts,the costume, the actors and the original book.

That is the ideal world of Chinese--to build a community of shared future for mankind.

I white down this review on 2019/02/15, while there is 5.8% of 1 star reviews of this movie on IMDB. From the way I used for date I think someone can tell that I am chinese, Yes, I am a chinese Sci-Fi fan born in the 1980 is. When I was young, I was thirsty reading the books of I.Asimov, A.Clarke, and also watching the documentry made by Carl Sagan is the first time a little boy opened his eyes, think of the ultimate questions of the univese. Like most of Chinese, I do not believe in any kind of god, or budda, but Sci-Fi occupied a huge part of my religen. It explained what should we humen being do for living even though it may happened thousand years later. Actually, I may rate a 8 stars for the camera, and 7 for the script bacause of the scientific bugs. But I cannot deny it that even though the movie is far from perfect. I still have to make a 10 star for my favorite Chinese Sci-Fi writer Liu Cixin is first movie. And see it as a revenge for the 1 star trolls, Shame of you.

This film left me shook days later after watching on Netflix !!! The idea of artificially retrofitting the Planet Earth to become a Generational Biosphere Space Transport to travel 2,500 years to reach Alpha Centauri is a monumental undertaking !!! Like a plot from Doctor Who !!! I could see a future movie where the descendants forget their purpose and end up like the Orville Episode ~ If the Stars Should Appear !!! cannot wait to watch the sequels to the Wandering Earth !!!

I stumbled upon this thinking this was Hollywood pompy-lumpy shiny cheap show, but hell I was entertained for two hours. Great movie, nice story, I do not mind the cgi. I love SF and this was really nice captured, has few wow moments, well it is completely different then hollywood drama and patriotism and F... yeah... murica. Well done!

In terms of setting, plot and performance, three stars. But special effects industry and theme breakthroughs should be encouraged to add one star more. One by one: 1. Setting, getting sick. Look at the trajectory maps of various satellites. If Jupiter is influence is not clear, would you dare to start wandering and die? I respect your planetary engine and ask you to follow the basic knowledge of exploring the universe. 2. The plot, Dongshi effect. Based on Hollywood is mature commercial film model, the plot is promoted through the sacrifice of several characters. But why do these people do that? In particular, Han Duoduo is cumbersome, from the beginning is a logical black hole, but also gave a sensational speech, how can he? 3. Plain performance. Several starring performances are still on-line, but none of them stand out. 4. Industrialization and special effects are earth-shaking. The film is greatest achievement should be in special effects and film industrialization. For the first time, it shows that China can also have first-class visual effects in Hollywood.

Though there are some small disadvantages in some aspects such as the spots, lines and character developing, the idea is absolutely incredible and the progress of China is science fictions is amazing.

It is fantastic and the best sci-fi movie this year.



This is by far the best scfy movie produced in China. Sensational, great cinematography, humanity combined. Very amazed to see such a high quality movie that is close to Hollywood. Must see this movie to appreciate. The only draw back is sometimes the movie has too much technical details and fast paced. I can read Chinese but the Chinese subtitles are too fast to catch most of the conversations. At the end of the movie, the unity to bring in help forces from all over the world is sensational. Great but not enough to bring tears.

One of the best Chinese sci-fi movie. Fantastic CG. Large group of Chinese famous actors. Of course, it can be better.

Not one for writing reviews but I had to give up watching after 30 mins of twaddle and characters who held my attention for no less than a second. This film would not been out of place on the SYFY Channel,,,,Very late at night. How did this film make USD 700m in China.

I really enjoy this movie. The cgi was so good. I like how the movie involved people from other countries and not just based on Chinese. The film teaches unity and hope.



The background story is fantastic, plot outline is great. Directing skill and actor skills are all horrrible. Story line is fragmented, some plots does not fit with the overall mood of the background. Find a better director! Find some good actors!

This was dreadful, just dreadful. The characters are empty. The story - what story? The cgi - my old amiga did better. Do not believe all the fake reviews. Calling this rubbish is being too kind.

Well constructed, thoughtout in studies to known scenario. The movie was paced well and time managed in sequence. Overall worth watching.

I think this movie is just waist of time poor acting and a lot of unnecessary scenes. I could not even finish the movie.



It is a great shame that many do not understand sci (science) and fi (fiction). Of course it is far fetched, just as travel to Mars once was and robots, but that is what fiction means. Adapted from the book it is a great piece of very original SF. A great new talent in SF books so instead of whining read a book instead. Characterisation could have been better but what do we know of what Chinese characterisation should be like (the characters in Crouching Dragon were hardly enthralling) but...it is dubbed so I am sure Chinese vernacular got translated into westernspeak and just did not work. The CGI on the budget is outstanding making for. Wholly entertaining experience.

Liu Lang Di Qiu aka The Wondering Earth is the first film which is English dubbed to Chinese film I have ever watched. When I decided to watch this film, I found the English dubbed first. I tried to search for the original one, but for some reasons, I did not find it. So, I have no choice but to watch the English dubbed version. Thus, this review is based on the English dubbed version. I do not know how the original version looks like whether it is better than this one or not. If the original one is better and some facts from my review are wrong, please excuse me. This film might be the prediction of the earth. I do not know about the other countries, in my country, nowadays, it is very hot. It is like the sun is indeed going to eat the earth soon. So, when I watched this film, I thought this might be something that will happen in the future. LOL. The contents of this film are really quite impossible if you think about it. But they fit for the weather conditions of my country. As I have said in above, what I watched was English dubbed version and it is so bad. The voice artists are very bad. Because of the English dubbed version, I think the quality of this film reduced to half. Their pronunciations on Chinese names are the worst in this film. I do not know whether it is only me who does not get used to their pronunciations, or the others feel the some. As for me, their pronunciation is extremely bad. I cannot and do not catch how they pronounced "Zi" word. As for me, the English dub is really makes this film unwatchable. This film might be an awesome film for the others, but as for me, it is not. Maybe because I cannot quite understand the concept. That is why I was watching 2 hours of this film blindly. For the others who understand the concept, I bet it would be quite enjoyable. The video effects in the film are very good. It is like real things, and it did not look like it is been created by using special effects. Because it mostly contains special effects, the performances of the actors are not that much good. I think the actors in this film are newbies and do not have that much experiences with Sci-Fi films. So, they cannot act that much with their imaginations. That is one of the bad things of this film. Although there are so facts that make this film bad, there are also some touchable scenes. It made me cried. Except for those facts, everything is good. The sound editing, sound effects and all, it is really amazing. So, to conclude this review, I must say that this is not a film that everyone can enjoy. Mainly, it needs to understand the concept. If you do not understand some concepts, well, this film will be one of the worst films you have ever watched.

I really wanted to like "The Wandering Earth". The Movie has epic ambitions. And ofc they are more phantasy and impossible to realise but still the mere Idea is interesting. But this is not something we can dare to dream of in 100 or 1000 years. That is several sizes too large. But no problem for a movie I can ignore physics. The images were large really good. But the CGI wasnt consistent. They were sudden drops in quality I could not explain. Did multiple CGI studios work on the same movie? The movie is packed with world building and informations. But sometimes I just could not follow any longer. I think they wanted to pack as much from the book in as possible. But that dont work that way. The siblings were a bit annoying. They argued too much and the boy was unnecessary harsh and bossy with his sister and she was pretty useless, totaly dependent and childish. I would have liked her to be more independent and having strengths of her own. I mean she has a brain and went to school. Why she cant use anything of it? So instead of making him the one and only leader who has all the knowledge and has to carry the burden by himself and is such a super genius, they could make the siblings more complementing each other. That would have made their relationship more believable, relatable and likeable. Siblings may argue a lot but in life and death there is no time for squabble and arguments. That is the time to stick together and show more compassion. And If somebody panics, yelling will not make it any better. By the way the grandfather and the father were both great. I liked them in their ways. The father were the heart of the movie. He had the compassion his son was missing. I dont know If the son ever learnt from his father and overcame his anger. I think that he realized it when his father sacrificed himself that his father loved him all the time. What I liked that some ideals of humans collaborating to reach a common goal shined through. In dire situations like that people need to work together. The story was messy especially towards the last part. A lot turn of events that broke the flow. All in all the movie had its strengths and weaknesses. I hope the Chinese read the feedbacks from foreigners about the movie and continue to work on them. I think there is still a lot to improve but they are getting there.

This is the worst high budget movie ever filmed in the observable universe, hands down. i am considering contacting imdb customer service and ask them to check this movies hundreds of fake reviews from Chinese trolls. I trust imdb reviews most of the time and make my decisions based on the rates if to watch some movies or not. This movie is honestly max 2,5/10 if even that.



The Wandering Earth: Chinese SF epic. The Sun is ailing and will soon turn into a Red Giant. A worldwide effort builds engines to move The Earth to the Alpha Centauri System. As Scotty said: Ye Cannae Change The Laws of Physics! But lets suspend our sense of disbelief for a while. A space platform is built which will navigate the Earth and protect it from collisions etc. Seventeen years into the mission some of the engines fail and the Earth is in danger of crashing into Jupiter. The action is centred around a taikonaut on the Space Platform and his family on Earth who are caught up in the efforts to repair the engines. Good effects in space, well imagined satellites and spaceships. The Earth based adventure is engaging as massive trucks race across the frozen Earth. About half of the world is population has perished as the Earth is rotation was stopped, the remainder living underground. Some of the CGI becomes a bit ropey at times but this is an engaging film. Based on the novella by Liu Cixin and directed by Frant Gwo, The Wandering Earth is on a par with the better Hollywood disaster movies. 7/10. On Netflix.

I have never actually watched a Chinese movie, so I watched it on Netflix with the English dialogue. I thought the English dialogue is better than most films/series on Netflix I watched. Some characters lack substance. The story is a bit, hit and miss. E.g. why would a young defenceless girl and an arrogant boy be involved in saving the earth? I do not get how the earth can be projected using 10,000 engines, but looks pretty cool with the CGI. In real life, I would have thought Jupiter would be less forgiving, but oh well. Anyway, if you are a Sci-Fi fan and you are interested in space etc. then watch it if you have Netflix and a couple of hours to kill.

Ok this movie is the epitome of average, lovely visuals mostly.But not the best acting and rather absurd premise.Its not terrible,nor is it great.I was looking at my watch about an hour in,felt it definitely needed slimming down.Still watchable upon the whole,but smack bang average

First great Chinese Sci-fic! Captions are not translated well, but graphics are good. Some parts are edited are due to unknown reasons so the storylines seemed to be incomplete. Very nice movie, looking forward to the unedited DVD release!

Good Job! I loved the computer graphics. I got a splitting headache in the middle of the movie and had to leave early. I will probably purchase it when it comes out on CD. The plot needs more development middle of the way through the movie you lost me . . . to much, too fast. Overall, I still loved it and plan to watch it again.

Some excellent special effects and a original story. It is been a long time since I have enjoyed a sci-fi flick this much. 👍🏻

I do not think China should try to produce sci-fi. If this is any example of it, it is really bad. Really bad. i am beside myself on this. Yuck. Stop.

Overall 1 star out of 5. complete waste of time. Acting is poor, soundtrack is poor, jokes are not funny, editing continuity is terrible, Verisimilitude is absent, plot shows profound signs of scientific illiteracy throughout its entirety, SFX is bad, VFX is good, subliminar message is cool.

This movie was plain awful. The plot, ridiculous. The script, horrendous. The acting, poor. Despite many scenes supposedly meant to introduce some suspense and emotions towards the characters I felt nothing as there was just no depth to either the story or the characters themselves and the whole thing just dragged on. There was nothing memorable about this movie at all, it was utter ridiculous on a scientific level and I lost complete interest in it within the first quarter of the movie.



Poor movie, bad scenario, bad performance. Everything is bad.

There are negative comments; there are positive comments. Movie is interesting also because people have their own judgment. Your hate does not define others' taste. You have all the right to say bad but there is no point assaulting others. Learn to grow up.

CGI is obviously there and with the background of snowy landscape it should look amazing but somehow does not, space shots are better but as much as I despise current Hollywood, when it comes to CGI they are still the best, case in point Deadpool. The biggest weak point of TWE is the plot, characters just are not strong enough to propel the story forward and at least to a Western eye it is sometimes easy to get confused who is who. What does not help is lame attempts at comedic relief that plague most Asian movies, even South Koreans, who have been making by far the best movies for the last 10-15 years suffer from this, but I digress. Is the TWE watchable, I guess, but does it grab the viewer, not at all, it fails to let the audience establish an emotional connection with the protagonists and the rest of the story just is not strong enough. Obviously with imdb being so ethnocentric the Chinese with their numbers will push the ratings up but in reality this movie does not deserve more than a 5 or 6, it is light years away from masterpieces like Gravity or The Martian. No wonder South Koreans are not even attempting space sci-fi, they are superb in making other genres, say zombie flicks or thrillers and they stick to what they are good at, perhaps the Chinese should follow their suit and stick to kung fu movies, they made some of the best ones in history.

If you enjoy cheesy sci-fi disaster movies like "Armageddon" and "San Andreas" then you will probably enjoy this, too. *It is recently been announced that Netflix has picked this up, so if you are interested and have no other options then look forward to that in the future!* Definitely brings epicness to the table, with glamorous shots of destroyed cities, the whole planet zipping through space, and the behemoth Jupiter. If anything, this is worth the price of admission alone. The action and drama is just gravy :) . It also tries to blur the line between selflessness and selfishness, and which would better serve the overall goal of survival of the many versus few. What brings it down is some of the drama felt too artificial, especially when tied with the annoying characters. There is not a convincing reason for the son to hate his dad so much, especially after 17 years of time and knowing what is stake. Some scenes also do not make much sense (one of the trivia does shed a little light on a couple things), and though the whole concept is unique, I cannot look past the unrealistic science (but that is just me, and did not impact my rating). I do hope this movie bears more fruit since the creativity and grand scale is highly refreshing.

The Wandering Earth is completely beyond my imagination. I think it is the beginning of Chinese sci-fi movies. Many plots in this movie is very different from we use to know, but it illustrates the inner spirit of China. The history is made by people, not heros. Every time when our country and people meet disaster, we choose face it together instead of pin our hope to someone. i am so moved that we have such perfect work. I hope the Wandering Earth is just a beginning , and our country can have more and more good sci-fi movies can be better than it. That is the best time we look forward to.

First, i am very excited to see this movie as China is first sci-fi blockbuster. And the visual did not fail me. I like how the story leads but everything is a bit overwhelmed. The plot leads from one to another with many scenes and characters, however it is very fast-moving pace movie so every second needs attention. I like the detail of the film such as the propulsive engines, the Earth, the Jupiter... etc, they are very detail and beautiful. But one thing fails me is they make the film very complex, there are many characters in the film like the rescue team, the grandpa, the engineer, the coder,... each contributes a part to the success of rescuing the Earth but its way too overwhelming to process. Once again, it is very fast-pace movie because Earth is in danger and time is condensed. But I do not feel the characters have much space to express their story, their feeling ,etc... Though the film has very impressive space scenes but I feel it like Transformer is action scenes, the visual effects can be tiring with many action-packed scenes. However, i am very glad since it is first time China has a great sci-fi film. I do not expect much for first time but they did such a good job making all the details, the space clothing, car, atmosphere... are very well invested. Chilywood has a long way to go and i am very exciting to see their next projects to come like this. Though the film is not perfect but it has potential for followers. And most importantly, I cannot wait to see it make such good product to be able to compete with Hollywood movies. i am proud to be asian and see such good progress.

Wandering Earth is called The Wandering Earth (2019). Chinese science fiction movies. The sci-fi film, which burst into popularity immediately after its release, has given more and more Chinese people the hope of making domestic sci-fi films. "the first year of Chinese Sci-fi Film" is a concept that is often hyped, and there is no shortage of sci-fi-tagged films in China. Some people of some age will probably still remember sci-fi films such as "Yangtze River 7" and "Robot Man." But few would think that these films can carry the banner of "the first year of Chinese sci-fi films." "wandering Earth," released on the first day of the Lunar New year, with its excellent quality, can proudly shout out, "the first year of Chinese Science Fiction Film" has begun. In view of the needs of the traditional festival, this film has been adapted dramatically compared with the original novel of Da Liu. The original novel is darker and heavier, after the film adaptation has become more positive and optimistic, more in line with the festive atmosphere of the Chinese New year. Readers who like science fiction know that big Liu likes to look up at the stars, and most of his works think about the future fate of mankind from the perspective of the universe. The size of the big Liu brain hole is admirable, in the "wandering earth" world, the sun is about to have a violent explosion called Helium flash, when the sun will expand violently, the earth will be wrapped by the sun, no longer exist. Liu is solution is to install tens of thousands of thrusters on the Earth is surface to propel the Earth to escape from the solar system to the nearest 4.3 light-years away. Looking at the long thank-you list at the end of the film, you can see how short of money the crew is. There is a lot of work to be done behind the scenes to make a sci-fi movie, like an iceberg floating in the sea, and the audience can see only the tip of the iceberg. Need to build the world outlook of the film, complete the characters, architecture, vehicles, clothing design, any detail must be considered carefully, a slight flaw will affect the overall completion of the film. And each link is extremely burning money, "wandering Earth" crew shooting no money, at this time Wu Jing took tens of millions into the crew, strong blood transfusion to promote the completion of the film. The film invests 50 million US dollars, that is, more than 300 million yuan, the money is actually spent on the blade, the effect of the film is a penny, the audience is not a fool, whether it is worth so much cost can be seen at a glance. At random, for example, the film many times to show the vast universe of the lens is shocking, over and over again, over and over again and again. There will always be a reward for the effort. The film has a very high degree of completion and the overall effect is excellent. If it were not for the fact that most of the Chinese actors in the film were not known in advance, it would be very difficult for many people to believe that this is a domestic science fiction film. Originally, the crew was going to shoot a trilogy, but it was too risky to invest in science fiction films in China, so they decided to shoot a trial instead. According to the film is current performance, shooting a sequel should be a sure thing. As far as some of the details at the end of the film are concerned, the main line of the sequel is likely to turn to the battle between the rebels and the coalition government, and as long as the quality of the series is maintained, I will continue to strongly support it. It is said that actors of this level, Wu Jing, as long as they continue to shoot Wolf Warriors IP, they can steadily continue to earn both fame and fortune, and there is no need to risk stepping on Chinese science fiction films that have never been successful in decades. However, only those who really love the Chinese film industry will give help to Chinese sci-fi films. When the crew has no money, they bring their own money into the group, play for nothing, and use their own names to pull the flow. "wandering Earth" can successfully open the first year of Chinese sci-fi movies, Wu Jing contributed to it, and sincerely liked Wu Jing. Wu Mengda, the oldest of the actors, saw these vehicles he had never seen and made films he had never made before, saying that "in his lifetime, he will be able to participate in Chinese science fiction films, and there will be no regrets in his life." " It is this love of Chinese movies that has long since returned to the old man who died for physical reasons. Wu Mengda, 66, wears dozens of kilograms of equipment to take oxygen every day. Every few performances, he has to take oxygen. Finally, after five days of filming, he returns to Hong Kong and is hospitalized. The details in the film are very detailed, very attentive, very excellent. Just like when checking hygiene, just look at the hygiene conditions in the nooks and crannies. If you pay attention to the details when you watch the movie, you will know how much effort the creative team has used. Take a small example, and say that we are familiar with Father Wu Mengda, who plays an actor named Han Ziang. The name sounds mundane at first, but the character was born in 1999, when people loved to use words like "Zi" and "Zi". Together with the name, the sense of the times comes out, and there is no sense of discord. Watching this magnificent masterpiece of extraordinary significance, it is strongly recommended that we watch IMAX, only if we look at the vast starry sky on the big screen, we will be shocked by the efforts made by human beings to survive, and only on the big screen will we be shocked by the vast starry sky. Only when we watch the vast starry sky on the big screen can we appreciate the shock of wandering Earth, which opened the first year of Chinese film science fiction, can we realize how shocking the interaction between Jupiter and Earth is, and only by watching the vast starry sky on the big screen can we appreciate the shock of "wandering Earth" in the first year of Chinese film science fiction. The film shows the romance and fearlessness of human civilization from a global perspective, not only to show that the Chinese people are saving the earth, but also the efforts made by the whole human society to continue human civilization. Unlike the simple and rude science fiction films of the United States, which emphasize individual heroism and save the earth and mankind alone, "wandering Earth" requires the joint efforts of all mankind to avoid the fate of extinction. Of course, the film also has elements with Chinese characteristics, that is, cutting feelings of home, Chinese people is attachment to land is far more than Westerners, some people joke that Chinese ethnic skills are growing vegetables, wherever they go will be cultivated and planted. The Chinese nostalgia for home goes deep into the bone marrow and is magnified to the cosmic level by Big Liu, that is, cosmic homesickness, and it is most appropriate to show a film about cosmic homesickness during the Spring Festival. Westerners will never write "wandering Earth" works, they will only escape the earth in a spaceship, even if the spaceship can not take away all human beings, they can choose people who are entitled to live in a democratic way. In fact, the whole human being is a community with a shared future, and the realization of win-win sharing is the most appropriate ultimate goal. In the film, the way the coalition government deals with it is the most rational choice based on this principle, but there will be variables in the course of events, and many unexpected situations will go beyond the plans of mankind, and they will be forced to face the worst. Humans make the hardest choices. What do foreigners think of "wandering the earth"? It is all good praise. It is boring to say too much about the plot. It is pointless to retell the plot directly. More wonderful things need to be discovered by the audience in the film. The level of science fiction film represents the level of a country is film industry, science fiction film needs more ideas and resources than other types of films. Only with the prosperity of a country is national strength and the omni-directional development of a country is film industry can convincing films be created, and science fiction films are the touchstone. Just imagine that no one believed the science fiction filmed in the late Qing Dynasty, when the national strength was declining, and thought that the silly dream made a mockery of it as fantasy, while the science fiction filmed in the United States with strong national strength must be believed by some people. no matter how personal heroism, no matter how magical, Would think it was science fiction. After the release of wandering Earth, I believe that this will be a magnificent masterpiece in the annals of Chinese film history. There is no doubt about the opening of the first year of Chinese film science fiction, and more people will be needed to make more and better works. No matter what the future, we will choose hope! May the film be a big hit at the box office! (as of March 7, the box office had reached $4.5 billion.). Live! My wandering earth! Forward four! Chinese science fiction movies!

This is a good movie, I just watched it on netflix --it pises me off about everyone attacking it because it is Chinese. You do have to be a proficient reader for the subtitles, and you do have to be up to date on the nuclear fusion research that is going on right now at this moment in the world, particularly with ITER and MIT Since these two things do not apply to a huge percentage of Americans, I can see why people outside the USA will thoroughly enjoy this excellent movie while the USA is scratching its head EXCELLENT JOB CHINA Sorry on how ignorant Americans are Acting is decent, special effects are excellent, story line is very suspenseful and flows well, U need to be able to read and know about current Nuclear Fusion research

There is nothing about this film worth watching. I feel robbed of my time for having watched. I want to throw up.

The movie opens as your average thirteen in a dozen disaster movies Hollywood has graces us with in the late years. Apparently the new wave of the Chinese cinema felt the need to copy-cat that and that is how we ended up with the Wandering Earth. There is a lot of going on in this movie. It never stops, except for a mandatory tear jerker moment or someone making an epic speech. There is constantly someone chasing someone else, something falling apart, exploding, falling etc. The plot itself is below average for a low effort disaster scifi movie, which in itself is saying a lot. None of the characters is especially likeable or even rememorable. It is obvious who was supposed to be the comic relief, but he managed to be funny exactly zero times during the movie, and this includes an attempt at forced laughter when he has to put on a helmet someone barfed in just seconds ago. People are killed left and right, but there is no connection to any of them. The stereotypes this movie plays with are just sad. So we have a Russian guy who gets more than the average 5 seconds of screen time before they are mandatorily killed so what does he do? Vodka. Because, you know, Russians and Vodka, funny stuff. The run time of the movie is one of the mysteries, the plot can be summed up into one sentence but they managed to make two hours worth of material out of that. Naturally it shows. The computer generated effects are not that bad, but they are not anything that pops out either. Your average scifi series stuff. I have watch every episode of MST3K and as such I know there are a lot more painful and worse movies out there, but being made in 2019, this movie has no excuse for its bad script, at times wooden, at times over acted acting and just the general shallowness of it all.

So I heard about this huge big budget blockbuster that sneaked onto Netflix without a sound. After watching one hour of it I can see why. The Wandering Earth is not a bad film, it is just it is not a good film. It is trying so hard to be a blockbuster hollywood film, and in a way succeeds at that. Unfortunately it is more of a The Day After Tomorrow or Volcano than a Star Wars. While the acting and script are not horrible, the film is too cartoony to be taken seriously. From the way the characters act, to the story, to even the CG, everything is fast and artificial, not building realism, pace or mood. I think that partly falls on the fact that the underlying idea of the film (turning earth into a rocket) is pretty silly, and the story created to take advantage of that premise is ho hum at best. In the end, I just could not care about any of the characters or what was going on. So I stopped watching after about an hour.

Well that is two hours of my life that i am never going to get back. This film starts off with the best intentions but just seems to go nowhere and drags on and on and on. Worth a watch if you have got a few hours spare but if you are looking for blockbuster sci-fi action this is not it.

A failed Si-Fi Movie. Visuals are great, everything else is waste.

Although story has some sense, it is very, very thin. Also, half of the time I cannot figure out who is doing what. Anyway, besides solid CGI (some parts are great, some cartoonish), everthing is simply bad. Also, I cannot describe amount of cliches in this movie. At least Chinese tried...

Simply megalomaniac production. Story made of template in excel table.

A super exciting movie with two main questions as following: Why do we have to kill half the population with lottery even if we already command the technology like earth engine? How could the Jupiter gravity increase without being monitored/calculated by humans?



This movie is so, so bad... The story is laughably bad, the characters are non interesting, and everything is just a mess. The only positive thing I can say, is that the production design was at least high, and the props look nice, and sometimes the CGI shines, but other than this, it is a piece of garbage. Avoid at all cost!

Apparently the filmmakers, and the novel the film is based on, do not know there cannot be planet gravity without rotation. Discarding the fact it would take an unimaginable amount of power to push a planet off orbit, even more to power it across vast distances, and there would be no way the planet kept its atmosphere for it to snow. Let is take off our thinking head and say the planet is able to to be pushed across distances, what of the characters? Why are they so meh? I feel like this movie tried to be the standard epic American disaster movie - from 20 years ago, with all the bad science, cliches and lack of character development. Where audiences here are moving toward trying to get away from too much CGI in favor of character development, this Chinese movie has not got the memo yet. But it is a blockbuster. If I were Chinese I would be proud of it. But i am not and from the perspective of someone who is viewed countless disaster movies over the years and enjoyed some, I rated it only 2. The reason of my low rating is this: the basic science of a science fiction story needs to be believable, even if out there in every other respect, and this movie fails 5th grade.

Anyone out there remember Gorath, the 1960s Toho film about moving the Earth out of the path of a giant meteor? (The US version cut out the giant walrus scenes). Well this is that times 10, only it is less fun and just as dumb. My main problem is, why move the entire earth? Just build giant arks and save the ecosystem you want to bring along. Oh then there would not be a movie. So here is the big problem - when the Earth is moved (a 2500 year journey) how does the atmosphere remain or how will the atmosphere be remade once the journey is over? Well, I will not spoil anything, but this was pretty lame.

Its a great premise, I love the idea of everyone working together to save the earth and humanity and the earth engines are brillian, reminds me of a cartoon i used to watch as a kid, but not executed so well.

Positives: good effects, graphics, direction, good first attempt Chinese scifi movie negatives: totally absurd and unbelievable scenario, weak acting, no development or connection to the main characters

This movie was a little bit confusing, due to the editing. But the family values here, such as family first and going home, I really inspirational also about the teamwork and never giving up. This Movie does not deserve much more than a seven Chinese audiences tend to rate things very liberally. But it is a step in the right direction.

It is like 1930s writing meets 20 teens CGI. The Chinese are seriously decades behind common sense scripts. This movie lacks any cohesion. It is brilliantly stupid..

This movie majorly focused on the CGI and scenery and thats the only reason im giving this a 3. The plot was weak and had several loop holes, Long story short, it could not hold my attention and i found myself fighting to stay awake within 30 mins of watching this (i usually dont fall asleep during movies)

The idea of the earth being moved from one solar system to another is really difficult to accept. Wisely, the filmmakers fill The Wandering Earth with plenty of subplots that are compelling enough to overcome the implausibility of the main plotline. This film borrows heavily from Space 1999, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Gravity, Armageddon, Aliens, and other science fiction sources. The sets look great, but some of the visual effects look a little too much like the computer generated images they are. The music is particularly good.

This is bad on so many levels 1. bad acting 2. awful synchonising chinese/english 3. really cheap CGI 4. stupid unlogical story I gave it a try for 15 mins - then I had to turn it of. Do not waste your time with this movie.



They wanted to try to bring something new but the story is a mess. No characterisation is made properly, bad emotional punch, too much happening at same time which is tough to process. But in visualization of science, its a good one. And surely can say that Chinese have developed very much in vfx, and hope in future they will make very good story movies with the vfx. The sound design is also good for the movie.

2010s seems to be the golden generation for Chinese film industry, with a lot of co production with USA (or buying) and with new technology mainland China has catching up with Hong Kong and Shanghai but still propaganda from the government. Wondering Earth is the first mainland Chinese sci-fi movie, the story is about two kids, Liu Qi and his sister Duo Duo, who lives in a Chinese colony in space after Earth was destroyed by the Armageddon time (or something like that), they run away from school, disobey their father and end up in prison, with a weird half Australian guy (played by a none mixed Chinese), they escaped with the father and end up what is left of earth. I want to love this movie since it is their first sci-fi, but it is too much boredom and even if the propaganda is small here it is still here, for instance, why is not it more mix people? Why is it mostly Chinese people and why are they mixed up with others since all human beings escaped, are you telling everybody even in space humans cannot mix with each other????? That is the problem when a script is written by government. And one another thing it is hilarious that Chinese sci-fi movie is concerned about the environment yet in Beijing it is rated one of the worst pollution problems in the world, why not take care of that? Even for what it is, it is still boring, it does not bring anything new, and if only the director could work without government involvement then he could have made a better movie. It unfortunately that luxury exists outside the Great Wall so 1/10

As a student of Jilin University, I have a friend from Minnesota.He said that before 2008, they did not know much about China and did not care about the news and news of this distant country. Many people even did not know about China.We are stigmatized because of the game between nations.You say we are being walled.In fact what you see in China is also filtered by what your government wants you to see.In other words, everyone was more or less walled off. But the 2008 Beijing Olympics Games really impressed many westerners.The same is true of Wandering The Earth.They never realized that between the United States and Europe, there is such a country that surprised and shocked the world.Hey world!This is a brand new China. China is an awesome country.We are getting stronger and stronger.What is more,we have love and peace.

After watching this film I came across a film titled GORATH from Japan 1962? and TWE is a modern version of the latter in which a huge fiery planet is coming into the solar system heading for Earth and they use huge power plant thrusters to help push the Earth out of the way, right down to the images of the thrusters. You could almost call it a direct updated copy of GORATH. It was notable that in TWE there was no US involvement, only China, France and Russia unless I was not paying attention but it stood out as intentional and I will watch it again since the producers did not care how quickly the subs went by and that made following the dialogue at the expense of video. I wish that someone in Asia would realize that when there is enough time to leave the translation up, to do so, we know the subs will not always match the mouth movement and do not care as long as we can put it all together. They could also find someone with a grasp of both languages so that we do not end up with weird results that end up with our brains trying to correct it since we know what they were trying to say. I realize that with Mandarin that language moves very quickly and there is not always enough time no matter what they do to get it without rewinding. Still this was a good movie even if it feels like we are being dropped into the middle of the story, which is why you should check out GORATH if you can find it.

This is one of those movies, you do not care what you are watching you just want them to save planet Earth and they did an amazing job at that. Yes, from a scientific perspective, it is laughable and silly but yoo it is called sci-fi for a reason. Let your imagination run wild with this movie and you will serioussssssly enjoy it. Plus if you do not understand Chinese, get a good subtitle and be ready to reeeeeead! Every sentence is vital in your enjoyment of this movie. There are lots of funny moments, sad moments, serious moments, I even shed a tear at some point. The graphics are impeccable. They thought about every little detail, even tear drops in space. I really have to congratulate the directors for doing justice to this movie. The script was very well thought of too. Excellent.

Going into this movie, I was expecting another dumb disaster movie and for the most part, that is what it is. With that being said, this movie had a surprising amount of heart, and the characters also dealt with some difficult moral dilemmas that I did not expect them to deal with. Also, the cinematography and special effects are just as good as any American blockbuster that comes out these days. There are some problems with this movie like a pretty confusing plot at times, terrible humor, and some underdeveloped characters, but overall this is a good watch.

I loved this aspect on this end-of-the-world! The acting was ok, the special effect were good, and non-stop. The movie was beautiful to watch. The audio dubbing is always weird, but you kind of get use to it. I had some issues with some of the characters, but that is not why I was watching it. So over all, I liked it, humans banning together to save the earth, and in a totally different way :)

I had so much fun watching this movie. What a ridiculous plot, but at the same time, to be creative and daring enough to just go with it, brilliant. Watching the entire movie I thought, this is impossible, yet at the same time they did do their research to make it seem as plausible as possible. And thinking the idea is impossible, allowed me to just enjoy this film for it is craziness. I really enjoyed watching this movie. Parts of it came nicely together and some of the stuff that happened is just like - "lol, really? that is just awesome" :p

Wandering Earth is based on a award winning science fiction novel. Yes the concept is outlandish to people who only know American science fiction, since this movie is about out of the box thinking. Anyway, I found it interesting to see how a non-Western special effects based science fiction movie works out. I had some trouble identifying with the characters, in the sense that the movie did not give enough time to make the characters 3 dimensional (although it does better than most Hollywood disaster movies in that regard). This movie feels like Deep Impact done right and it shows some elements of similarities from movies like Blade Runner (the perspective of futuristic underground cities without sunlight) and 2001 (the big space station with its own Hall 9000). I noticed a lot of hate for this movie in this thread. I wonder if they had any idea of what they were getting into because this is clearly a blockbuster science fiction movie which is more focused on science fiction concepts instead of a more comedic superhero Marvel movie about silly characters doing silly things.

The movie is good, enjoyable. Storyline preaty good. Effects are also there, lots of them. I think some scenes are CGI. Overall, a good movie.

What a dubbed disappointment FURIOUS that a film with such fantastic cgi and huge budget is spoiled by this cringeworthy acting. It held my attention cause of the cgi. But I did end up folding laundry towards the end. Should have made it 90min rather than 2 hrs! Let is leave this genre to the yanks eh.

After News headline and everyone saying how good the movie is, I get bored after seeing its CGI and story plot. Using bright and snow environment to cover its CGI flaw, the emotion of the actor is weak.

The premise of the film is pretty much in line with any of the apocalyptic, catastrophic, end of the world epics that most people have seen. It is clear that the film makers invested the money needed to make a movie on this scale. It is over loaded with CGI, but extremely short on character development, and has a convoluted story line that personally left me in the dust after the first 45 minutes. There was quite a long middle chunk of the film where I did not know what was going on. Maybe the Chinese to English subtitles left out something in the translation. As it was, I believed the dialogue between characters was barely worth translating. Perhaps it might have been better to ignore the subtitles and just get what you can from watching the action. In any case, the plot had holes big enough to drive a planet through. It seemed to me like the writers just abandoned this movie before they wrote an ending. Watch it for the graphics - do not expect anything more.

... completely ruined by the over the top, horrendous acting. What a shame. I can see why Netflix is not promoting this.

Although I found the premise behind the plot to be interesting enough from a conceptual standpoint, the whole project simply would not be even theoretically possible. Seeing as this movie sort of attempts to scientifically justify most of the plot elements, I could not help but feel that the whole thing just felt really paper thin. The characters might be believable for Chinese viewers, but as a European (more specifically Norwegian), I could not relate to how the characters behaved or most of the choices they made. There was some nice set design and generally pleasing imagery, but overall, the whole affair felt very much like a 90 is direct to DVD type of story. If this movie represents in any way the quality of the novella it is based on, I cannot for the life of me understand how it could have won both the Locus and Hugo awards.

It could be much better. the setting is rather interesting. However, the plot is confusing. The acting is horrible. left before it ended.

There may be a vast cultural difference, but the characters do not exhibit any credibility in their emotions or motivation. High-detail wide-angle scenes with digital effects, but most vehicle movements are unreal. I like how the mighty trucks deal with big rocks and bump over them without damage. Weak plot, poor delivery, disconnected elements of the story and unsuccessful, vain attempts to create and sustain the drama

The Plot is so poorly set out....the many "truck" scenes traveling about in dark landscapes are boring to tears. Why main characters did something? I dont know and neither will you. Was it self hatred, father hatred for abandoning a child to supposedly save the earth? The harsh CGI does not create majesty or interest. Ithe hype favoring this movie is PR fake news. Perhaps the product of a Chinese troll farm left over from politicking in the last elections in this country with nothing left to do. There may be something redeeming somewhere to waste a few hours however any such missing link will never be found. Avoid this one.

I watched the film in the hope of getting away from the recent Hollywood formula of family in the gripes of some big sci-fi crisis. This was that, only worse. For 2019, this is some of the worst big-scale CG I have ever seen. Not only that, some of it is just too far-fetched to believe even if it were realistic looking. The worst thing is that almost nothing makes sense. Sure, the "plot" is nonsensical and I do not have an issue with that. i am talking about things like bringing large machine guns out into a world that is a frozen wasteland without any threats at all. Like a lot of the film, it is trying too hard to look cool. I gave the film 2 stars because a guy threw up in his helmet. I would have given it 3 if he or someone had actually put it over their head.

Nothing really original about the characters. Stereotypes: arrogent unlikeable male lead, useless, helpless female lead who needs rescuing.. Takes itself way too seriously. Painful.. But hey, there is rockets and guns!

The visuals are amazing - hand down. The core of the story is nice as well. However, the implementation is really poor. It is a poor watching experience when every 10 minutes you stop and question weird decisions made by the actors or even alleged professionals.

That is the only way this scores above a 3. Its messy, annoying characters. The fx is okay. That is why it deserves a 3.

It is a good syfy movie but the special effects could be better Also there is way to much forced family and "going home" propaganda But understandable considering the movie was aired to Chinese new year But otherwise really good

The book provides a terrific starting point for a legendary sci-fi tale. The great visuals of this movie are overshadowed by a poor script, lack of character development, exaggerated acting, and is missing a heart. I was really looking forward to this film, but in the end I just wanted this torture to be over. Avoid this movie and read the book.

Firstly, I love science fiction. but this movie... I had expectations. But they soon crumbled. The story line was sort of ok. but let is look at the shortcomings. The makers of this movie tried to fit so many disasters, issues, problems and characters in to this movie. it is not "actioned packed", it is overly produced. it is like the concept of "more is better" was used. The characters - shallow. the main character is stupid. the sister is a whingy simpleton -"grandfather, grandfather!!". the aussie/chinese bloke - what was the point?! the guy panicking that he was going to die- huh?, all the those minor roles that suddenly had these meaningless scenes - pointless. Why do the "soldiers" carry guns? aside from the earth being destroyed by the sun then where is the threat? why did that soldier have that big ass gun to shoot through the ice? why did that other soldier shoot the jet starter? she did it to stop people in the group from killing each other but the starter was required to save the planet - WTF? Or the HAL-eque properties of AI on the navigating ship - but not even AI - I do not know , it just seemed like they ran out of depth with developing that. Or how the corridor of the space ship is always so crowded with people walking around and doing things. How did the population of the entire planet come together to move the planet- all those resources, science and minds, but some how did not take into account Jupiter getting into the way? I could not finish the movie. I stopped it half way as the stupidity of it just became unbearable. It was like the movie was made by someone who had always made rom-coms (shallow plot lines and characters) and now was producing a movie that required depth of characters and story, and they were way over their head. the movie had so much potential but it just failed. i am giving it 4 out of 10 as there was possibility/potential. the CGI, whilst not quality, was conceptually good.

Actually, I did not expect a lot from the movie at the beginning. My husband told me that Netfilx had this movie, so I though I could watch it while tiding up. I would give it 6.5/10, because it is beyond my expectation. It is a great story, maybe not that hard-core Sci-fi. However, it still got my attention. On the second-half of movie, I just sat on my sofa watching it. The best theme of the movie is all human working together to help human being survive. Another reason to watch this movie is I am a big fan of Mike Sui (Tim) who is genius in comedy performing, although there is still room for big-screen performance. Over all, not bad movie to enjoy.



I watched this with no preconceived ideas on what it was really about. I just happened across it. The version I saw was English dubbed and, having seen a few badly English dubbed Foreign movies was prepared to turn it off after 15 minutes. I ended up watching the whole movie. The dubbing was not great but good enough to almost forget it was in Chinese. It had the usual pitfall of overly dramatic voices (Duoduo was the worst) but overall it was good enough. Now the movie. Sure, there were some pretty big plot holes and unbelievable sequences but for some odd reason I really enjoyed it. It had some good Chinese humour, fair special effects and overly dramatic scenes that piled on to each other but it did succeed in keeping me entertained to the end which is important. The trick is to not take it seriously as some other reviewers seem to have done. It knew it was not believable and played that to the hilt and took me along for the ride. Once I settled into a good old fashioned boy is own adventure I really liked it. It did get a little too dramatic at the end trying to add a human interest side, well a number of human interest sub-stories but by then I was ready to switch off as the story proper was almost finished. It is not as good as some reviewers would have you believe but not as bad as others who seem to have lost their sense of humour. If you want a film to entertain you and you are prepared to suspend belief (it is a sci-fi fantasy after all) then you will enjoy this. It is a 6 for keeping me up past my bedtime on a school night..!

I usually do not criticize the science fantasy story as long as the idea is fresh and innovative as The Wandering Earth. But the plots within the absurdity of the story idea should be coherent, which is not the case here. So many ridiculous and flimsy last-minute way outs with little to no attention to reality or any attempt at plausibility. Lost in the Michael Bay-ish over indulgence in FX over story and plot, it is just as awash in murky computer imagery, stupefying exposition and manipulative sentimentality. It is not easy to copycat movies like the Chinese do in gadgets and other technological products. As an art, movies require so many talents that this movie lack. The experiences of so many patriotic Chinese talents in the USA cannot be put in a blender and produce a blockbuster based on brilliant segments from tens of other movies. Briefly the movie is a hot and sour soup with the wrong dosages and lack of many ingredients.

Do not get me wrong, these guys will get this right eventually and it got me thinking that the next installment will be better but this one was boring, too long, lot is of plot holes and it kind of looks like a Interstellar or 2001 rip off.

The visuals are great, but the story is to simple. We do not get to really know the characters and the characters are very generical. The acting was not very good, poor even, c-movie bad. This is the core problem with the film. The actors can communicate emotion through the screen. Maybe some of that cgi money could have gone to hire some better actors. And you know, get a better script. But it cannot be said enough, visually it is stunning.

It is such a great concept for a movie and does not disappoint. The visuals were impressive even by Hollywood standards, and the action was also pretty good (it is more comparable to Interstellar and The Martian than Armageddon. A good thing). But where The Wandering Earth was really satisfying was the human element. I loved how the resolution of the movie, especially the technology, were grounded in believable science for its world. And i loved that cooperation and human ingenuity were at the core of the resolution. One of the few big sci-fi movies of recent years that managed to successfully balance spectacle, intelligence, and heart. So why did not i give it a higher mark? i am not sure...but it is probably because while the visuals were good, they were not great. And the musical score was not especially memorable either. And though i understood the story, the character relationships, the humor, i am sure that the having to read subtitles took a little away from the experience. But i am not nitpicking. The Wandering Earth was a terrific movie, well worth the price of admission.

Its one of the best sci-fi movie i saw after 2012. Permalink

